





AB Tasty - A/B tests and MVT - Custom marketing messages
























































































Français
English
English (AU)
Deutsch
Español
العربية
Português
中文
Русский
Polski
日本語



Log in
Free trial




Solutions



A/B and Multivariate Tests
Personalisation
Mobile applications
Clever Stats




Clients



Clients
Testimonials
Case studies




Pricing


Support



A/B testing whitepaper
Webinar
Support




News


Company



Who are we?
Our "Dream Team"
Jobs
Certified resellers
Blog













Drive your conversions

Boost conversions on your websites, mobile sites and applications.

Create a free account
Plan a demo



A/B & multivariate tests




Launch your tests quickly and easily to determine the most effective combinations. As the French leader in online split testing, we help you to improve your visitors’ user experience, and increase your website’s profitability. We simplify the implementation of marketing tests and give you back control over modification of the pages of your website. You don’t need any specialist IT skills and you don’t need to use any technical resources.With AB Tasty, you can give free rein to your optimisation ideas and then check their impact on your performance indicators (e.g. purchase rate, registration rate, etc.) based on statistically validated figures rather than hunches.






Find out more




Try it now!



Launch the tour




Custom marketing messages 




Get the right message across, at the right time, to the right user. If you adapt your messages to your users’ expectations, you multiply your chances of conversion and optimise the profitability of your website or mobile app in the long term.With AB Tasty, you can launch your personalisation campaigns easily and completely independently. Simply create your marketing messages using the customisable templates, and then target them to your audience profiles - Profiles that have been defined via a hundred or so criteria, or that you have enriched with your own data.





Find out more


Multi-device solutions



Website
E-commerce website, media or publishers of interactive services: our solutions are compatible with all e-commerce platforms, open source and proprietary CMS.




Mobile responsive sites
Dedicated mobile website, or website where the design adapts to the size of the device used: our solutions are guaranteed responsive.




Mobile applications
Take advantage of our solutions with the same ease of use to test your mobile application and personalise your user experience.





They tested it... They adopted it!



































Our success stories





Etam increases visitors flow by 9.8% by changing a category label.
By working on an element of its homepage, Etam has shown the impact that simple modifications can have on its visitors’ bevahiour.






Bouygues Telecom increases by 60% the conversion rate of one of its landing page
Bouygues Telecom ran an A/B test on one of its landing page to figure out the role that simple visual changes may have on its call to action click trhough rate.






Pierre et Vacances grew its sales by 13%.
Pierre et Vacances, a major online travel provider, increased its overall conversion rates by 13.7% by testing different wording in its call-to-action button.








×












Browser not supported
×


				 In order to use AB Tasty Editor, please connect with compatible browser:  Firefox 3.6+ Internet Explorer 9+ Chrome 11+   



 




Contact us









Please select the subject of your inquiry*
Sales
Certified resellers
Press
Jobs


Send

*Mandatory fields
The fields highlighted in red are incorrect or incomplete. Please review them.



Your request has been sent.

We'll get in touch very soon to plan a demonstration.Thank you.




France


						38 Rue du sentier
						75002, Paris
						France					




						+33 (0)1 84 17 87 52					

contact@abtasty.com




 International


						United Kingdom
						+44 20 3445 0902
					

						Deutschland
						+49 3222 1094872
					



						España
						+34 91 269 40 30
					

													Australia
							+61 450 521 587
											





Find us on









&copy All rights reserved AB Tasty |Terms of use







