 

Acquisio | Performance Media Solution






























Skip to main content





 Acquisio
 Menu 




Home
Meet Us
SolutionsSolutions
Take the Tour


Overview
Features


Explore Add-Ons
Partners


Overview
Business Solutions
Acquisio Trading Desk
Account Wizards


Explore & Compare



VerticalsAll Businesses


Agencies Overview


Resellers Overview


Advertisers Overview



ResourcesFull Library


Explore Webinars


Browse Ebooks


Read Success Stories


Browse Docs



Blog
 


Start your free demo

User Login
Company
Support
Contact Us




Search




 

 








Performance media solutions that put you in the driver’s seat

What’s more, Acquisio even helps you steer. Offered as both Software as a Service (SaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS), our turbo-powered platform enables you to track, manage and optimize vast volumes of search campaigns and accounts, as well as report on media across all channels.
And if you think that sounds like it will make managing your digital campaigns more efficient and effective, you’re right on track.




 

We mind your business
Outstanding media performance solutions for your kind of business




 

 



Acquisio Summit 2015
This July 29-30, 2015 in Montreal, Quebec, Acquisio is hosting a Summit which promises two days of big reveals, learning and presentations from new CEO, Marc Poirier, and other industry leaders.




 

Scaled solutions - try us on for size


Starter
You’re ready to take on the media world. With 15 advertiser accounts, this self-serve package is ideal for professionals needing a platform to track, manage, optimize and report on search and Facebook campaigns.


Professional
Get ready for media world domination. With up to 1,500 advertiser accounts this solution is designed for highly customizable pricing based on your campaign management and cross-channel data integration need.


Enterprise
This solution is built with massive media campaigns in mind. With unlimited advertising accounts, this package is ideal for enterprises with custom needs including PaaS, and with a large volume of campaigns and accounts to manage.




 

Success Stories




 
Hanapin Marketing



 
Add3 Digital Marketing Agency


 



Blog
June 26th 2015

Flash Sale! Save 50% on the Acquisio Summit


This July 29-30, 2015 in Montreal, Quebec, Acquisio is hosting a Summit which promises two days of big reveals, learning and...




News
June 25th 2015

Acquisio to Host Digital Marketing Summit in Montreal Sponsored by Bing and Yahoo!
Digital Marketers from Across the World are Invited to Montreal on July 29th-30th

MONTREAL (June 18, 2015) – Acquisio, a...



 




About Us

        Acquisio is a performance media solution that enables digital marketers to optimize their search campaigns and report on social, mobile, and display initiatives. 
      

        Acquisio’s automated system does 90% of the work for its users, ensuring more of their time is free for analyzing data and improving campaigns.      


Company 
Leadership
News and Events
Our Partners

Careers 
Working With Us
Job Opportunities



Contact 
Our Offices
1 866 493 9070
info@acquisio.com



Subscribe to our Newsletter




Acquisio on Facebook
Acquisio on Twitter
Acquisio on Linkedin
Acquisio Youtube Channel
Acquisio Youtube Channel






© Acquisio 2015
Privacy Policy


















