


























AdExtent | Reach. Engage. Convert.




















































                                Sign In
                            











Home





Increase sales through personalized product recommendations for eCommerce sites
Automatically create and deliver dynamic product ads to bring back lost visitors

Create your campaign

Find out more
















Minimal setup time









No product feeds required









Transparent performance reporting









No day-to-day managment







Join these top brands




















No feed, no problem! 

We automatically generate a product feed for you to use for your recommendations. We also make sure
that the product information we have is always in sync with the information on your site (e.g. discounts).
This way you can enjoy dynamic ads hassle-free.






Personalized Retargeting

Fact: only 2% of visitors convert. 
Bring back lost visitors by serving dynamic ads with personalized merchandise across the web. We automatically build a product catalog, qualify your visitors and learn their behavior. Using our proprietary Machine Learning recommendation engine we serve your visitors customized product ads to drive them back to your site and increase sales. 
Learn more
Create your campaign









On-site Recommendation 

Fact: 45% of online shoppers are more likely to shop on a site that offers personalized recommendations. 
Use our on-site personalization widget to display targeted recommendations to users on your site and increase engagement, conversions and Average Order Value. 
Learn more
Try For Free!






Already have a media-buying solution?
Our integration with top DSPs means that you can leverage AdExtent AdBuilder on your platform of choice.























					Launch campaigns faster and iterate quickly.
				

					Full media autonomy and transparency.
				

					Serve more relevent ads and boost campaign performance.
				

SPEAK WITH US





Have a store on an eCommerce platform?We support them all!


















Create your campaign





Automation + Product Ads = Better results without the effort!

Create your campaign


 













FOLLOW US




























CAREERS
We have offices in NY and Israel. View the open positions now.


ABOUT US
AdExtent provides automated personalized eCommerce retargeting.


CONTACT


Phone: 1-855-GET-ADEXEmail: info@adextent.com




Terms of Service
Privacy Policy





 

Test my feed, please!
Please fill in the following information and upload and appropriate file.





















*Required Fields






(accepted file types: .xls, .xlsx, .tsv, .csv, .txt, .json)








All data remains private and will be permanently deleted in 10 days






Thanks!
Your information has been recieved and is being analyzed. Please allow up to 72 hours for a report to be emailed.



1. INPUT






2. ANALYSIS






3. REPORT




 

AdExtent for DSP clients
Looking to add personalized retargeting to your DSP media buy? Let's talk.
























*Required Fields

















