







	Publisher Ad Technology Solutions

































































































Login


Register





									Search  
								












































True Cross Channel Closed Loop MarketingPosted on: Wednesday, 29 May 2013Adinfinity Official Sponsors of the ExactTarget Connect Tour SydneyPosted on: Tuesday, 1 May 2012Publishers: How Viewable Impressions can make you more money from less adsPosted on: Sunday, 1 April 2012ViziAds Viewable Impressions Solution demonstrated to IABPosted on: Friday, 2 December 2011





























































AdInfinity is a company dedicated to innovative publisher and advertising solutions. We believe that innovation provides limitless potential to commercialise and mantain todays most sophisticated enterprise websites.
Ad technology has struggled to keep up with the latest web innovations and Publishers have been constrained by their ability to deploy enterprise solutions without putting risk to their businesses or incurring huge costs.
AdInfinity provides powerful vendor agnostic solutions. Our consulting services help our clients with strategic commercial decisions and our products can make these a quick reality. They are designed to be easy, safe, innovative and always deliver a high return on investment.























































More revenue, less cost
We can help you commecialise your sites better by increasing yield and cutting costs.


























Smart technology
Take advantage of the latest internet innovations to improve performance and maintainability


























Easy operations
Ad Operations is challenging. Our products are designed to help.



































Here are five reasons why Enterprise Publishers should implement our MediaAdapt Ad Technology solutions today. 


























No matter how big or complex your network or systems, we can help you with your enterprise requirements. 






























































AdInfinity is a company dedicated to innovative publisher and advertising solutions. We believe that innovation provides limitless potential to commercialise and maintain today's most sophisticated enterprise websites.
adinfinty™, viziads™ and MediaAdapt™ are all registered trademarks of Adinfinity Pty Ltd
Adinfinity is not affiliated with Google, The Nielsen Company, Audience Science, aiMatch, Doubleclick, Unica or any other 3rd party vendor and makes no representations or claims regarding their proprietary technology and / or trademarks.






























































Postal Address:


Adinfinity Pty Ltd
PO Box 783
Paddington
NSW, 2021
Australia

Phone: +61 (2) 8203 8888
Fax: +61 (2) 8188 0639
More Contact Information


















Privacy Statement
  |  
Terms Of Use




















