 


adloox




  




































About Us
In The Press
Contact Us
 













 


Fraud Prevention
Ad Viewability
Brand Safety
Campaign Delivery
Index Audit











 





PREMIUM VERIFICATION
		

MADE
		

SIMPLE
		




The Premium Verification Company
		







Fraud
		

Prevention
		

What if 35% of your traffic
		

 was not even Human...
		

Would you care?
		

Fraud
		




















































You've just paid for a viewable ad.
		

Really?
		

Ad
		

Viewability
		
















You’re certain your brand 
		

Are you sure??
		

Brand 
		

Safety
		

image is safe.
		



















You’re convinced you have 
		

the right data.
		

Want to bet?
		

Campaign 
		

Delivery
		



















You think you’ve got all
		

 you need.
		

But there’s more...
		

Index 
		

Audit
		











 


Our differencePremiumAt Adloox, we actually care about our clients. Quality service...
right from word go.


We are fast. We take a hands on approach when it comes to your implementation.

 
We are dedicated. We assign analysts to your campaign and they check your delivery every day.

 
We are proactive. When we detect something, we tell you, and we go to work. No delays.

 
We go the extra mile. Your campaign may have ended, but we don't stop there. We keep running our forensics behind the scenes, and present you with our findings.

 VerificationOur technology is strong, and so is our reputation...
 


 Viewability: Our reporting metrics go deep, as deep as you like.

 
Brand Safety: We block when we say we block, and only when we should.

 
Blacklisting: Our black lists are big, really big. We update and categorise daily.

 
Client retention: We build client relationships that are long-term - based on innovative technology, attention to detail, and quality.

 MadeOur technology and our data is built for you...

 


Bespoke reporting, categorised and labelled, just how you like them.

 
Custom-made dashboards, visually pleasing, and catering to your every analytical need.

 
Rapid turnaround for tech products and new reporting metrics. We build the tools you ask for.

 
Client-focused audits that are unique. Our trend analyses and recommendations are bespoke to your mission, your objectives and your optimisation.

 SimpleWhy make things lengthy and complicated? We don't...

 


Easy to use UI and clear, concise reporting.

 
Super quick implementation. No trafficking, one size fits all.

 
DSP and exchange integrations mean no bottlenecks for going live.

 
Readily exportable data, in any format.

 







Our clients



Recent News

 



                MRC Accreditation            




 


At Adloox we are very proud to announce we have recently been accredited with the most up to date MRC accreditation for Viewability. 
read more 



















  













 



                RE: MEXCO!!            




 


What a fantastic event with over 30,000 Media Execs sharing knowledge, passion and exciting new technology all under 1 roof!
read more 



















  













 



                New significant partnerships            




 


Adloox , the Premium Ad Verification company, is today happy to announce the signing of several significant partnerships in Europe and the US.
read more 



















  













 



                BEST Score            




 


Adloox is proud to announce the launch of its latest edition to the Audit Suite: the Brand Exposure Safety & Transparency score (BEST score).
read more 



















  













 



                Adloox has a new CEO            




 


The Co-Founders of Adloox are delighted to welcome Marco Ricci as the new CEO of the company.  Marco joins having led the global Commercial teams at fellow verification specialists Telemetry, and also at Google and RTB specialists VisualDNA.
read more 



















  













 



                New ATD Partnerships            




 


In 2013, Adloox is thrilled to partner with 2 of the leading Agency Trading Desks, Accuen and Audience On Demand.
read more 



















  



















 


Legal notice
Copyright 2009-2014

FR Office 41, rue Beauregard75002 ParisFrance

UK Office St James House
13 Kensington Square
London, W8 5HD
United Kingdom

 
 






































