




      AdTaily. Effective Internet Advertising.      


































Effective Internet Advertising

Zaloguj się




AdTaily is the simplest advertising solution on the Polish Internet.
Creating an effective advertising campaign takes just a few minutes. All you need is a 125x125px banner (you can also create a text ad using our editor) and a URL address of the advertised website. You can pay via PayPal, credit card, or with a transfer from almost every Polish bank.




Order your ad campaign now
If you speak Polish (or use Google Translate), you can go to our self-service marketplace, using the search box below, and buy ads on websites of your choice right away. Otherwise, you can e-mail our Sales Department, and they will prepare a campaign suitable for your needs.
 
Enter (in Polish) keywords that best define what category of websites you would like to place your ad on, e.g. moda, rozrywka, motoryzacja, Internet.


Why choose AdTaily?


Ad campaigns for every budget
You have a full control over how much you spend. It’s you who decides how much your ad campaign will cost.



Zero formalities
We don’t require any paper contracts. We take care of the invoices and dealing with the publishers.





Ad buying made simple
You can create any ad campaign easily. All you have to do is choose the websites you want to advertise on, add a banner and a URL address of your website, and pay using your preferred payment method.



Full control
If you buy via our marketplace, or choose the flat-fee model when buying via our Sales Department, you pay for 24 hours of displaying an ad campaign non-stop on the websites of your choice. You can monitor the results at all times.




They already trusted us
Over 12 thousand advertisers have benefited from our services. They represent small and medium companies, as well as big, renown brands, such as Coca Cola, Microsoft, Volvo, Groupon.




You can buy ads via AdTaily on many popular Polish websites
We have around 20 thousand websites of all sizes and thematic categories in our network, adding up to over 1,3 billion monthly pageviews of ads, reaching 13 million real users (almost 68% of Polish Internet).







Strona główna
Dla Reklamodawców
Dla Wydawców
Regulamin
Regulamin stary
Polityka Prywatności
Formularz odstąpienia
O nas
Kontakt




© Copyright 2008-2015
AdTaily.pl







