





Washington DC ISP providing Unified Communications











































































   
SOLUTIONS

Voice Solutions

AllCloud
PRI/SIP


Data Solutions
Internet Solutions
Custom Engineering


CLIENT SUPPORT
RESOURCES

Success Stories
Tools
Legal Docs


BLOG
ABOUT ALLIED

Why Allied
Leadership & Values
Careers
Contact Us


 








  


 
Review Us
Contact Us
Partner With Us








 

Menu  



 







 







10 Gbps BroadbandThat's the power of an Allied lit buildingCloud-BasedVoice SolutionsMobilitySolutionsCloudSolutionsDynamicEthernetManagedServicesUnifiedCommunications 



Unified Communications. Internet. Data. Voice. It’s more than just a connection.


 
 

 
A Clear Client Focus
Allied's clients and employees discuss the importance of excellent client care.




 
What's Your Voice Provider Criteria?
Salesbroom discusses their "magic quadrant" for selecting a voice provider.

 

 
Building a Client-Provider Relationship
Find out why PAEA has relied on Allied for over 10 years.

 






Internet 
Speed, Security & Service You Need
Internet Access
Metro Ethernet, Private Transport & Last Mile Connectivity
“Always-On” Internet Service


 



Voice 
Cloud-based voice solutions
PRI, SIP & Basic Business Line Service
Integrated Voice & Data
Flexible Local, Long Distance, & Toll Free Services




 




Allied Updates



Allied Telecom to Exhibit at Channel Partners 2015 Conference & Expo                                                              Allied Telecom is pleased to announce…

Allied Telecom Honored as One of the “Best Places to Work” in 2014                                                            Collaborative Team Culture Helps Allied Win Best…















Is Allied in your area?

















Latest Blog Posts




7 Reasons Your Business Should Use a Cloud-Based Voice Service

Jun, 25, 2015
Cloud based voice solutions If you are a small business, and you are considering using a cloud-based voice service, you might have some
Read more





3 Traits of Modern, Connected Office Buildings

Jun, 17, 2015
Connectivity is a huge emphasis for modern companies. Run a Google search on “modern office” and chances are you’ll find plenty of recommendations
Read more





Success Tips for Today’s Virtual Workforce

Jun, 09, 2015
As work-life balance becomes a more and more common (and expected) job perk and as technology advances allow companies to hire the best
Read more





5 Ways to Make Business Relocation an Awesome Experience

Jun, 02, 2015
Deciding to relocate your business is a big decision. Whether you choose to move because your lease is up and you’ve found a
Read more





How to Make Sure the Cloud Is Always On

May, 20, 2015
Click to reveal the full checklist  Nearly every businesses today has turned to the cloud for mission critical functions. The cloud handles your
Read more





Can Unified Communications Improve Your Work-Life Balance?

May, 18, 2015
Many successful business owners work long hours. There is always more to do and not enough time to do it. When they finally
Read more





Has the Cloud Has Already Changed the Way You Work?

May, 12, 2015
There’s a really good chance that you or your organization is currently considering or employing a Cloud-based communications solution. If you haven’t yet
Read more





7 Must-Ask Questions for Your Internet Service Provider

May, 01, 2015
Click image above to see full infographic We’ve all been there – you’re at work after hours on a Friday with a deadline
Read more





5 Tools To Unify Your Communications

Apr, 23, 2015
Business moves much faster these days. No longer is the Friday office memo the best way to communicate with your team. Whether you’re
Read more





It’s Time to Make the Cloud Less Cloudy

Apr, 15, 2015
There’s a lot of hype surrounding cloud technology. The “power of the cloud” has become a PR buzzword for just about any product
Read more





Why Unified Communications is More Important Than Ever

Apr, 09, 2015
Life has become faster and faster in the digital age. People keep supercomputers in their pockets, and soon with the impending release of
Read more





Allied Telecom to Exhibit at Channel Partners 2015 Conference & Expo

Feb, 27, 2015
  Allied Telecom is pleased to announce it will be exhibiting at the Channel Partners Conference & Expo this March. Our team is
Read more





Allied Telecom Honored as One of the “Best Places to Work” in 2014

Dec, 11, 2014
Collaborative Team Culture Helps Allied Win Best in Biz Silver Award for "Best Place to Work" If you want happy customers you have
Read more





Allied Telecom Rescues Neighbors in Need

May, 07, 2014
How a Workday Lunch Turned into a Save-the-Day for 3 Local Businesses What happened when two Allied Telecom employees recently tried to buy
Read more





Allied Telecom Welcomes New Client Experience Manager

Apr, 03, 2014
New client experience team will ensure delivery of an excellent interaction, every time. Allied Telecom Group, a leading telecommunications provider of data and
Read more





Allied Telecom Supports Childhelp’s Mission to “Strike Out” Child Abuse

Mar, 21, 2014
Allied Telecom Sponsors Event for the Prevention, Intervention and Treatment of Child Abuse Allied Telecom Group, a leading telecommunications provider of data and
Read more





Allied Supports the DC Community at the Annual Food2Feed Drive

Nov, 18, 2011
Allied donated several boxes of food to the Howard University/WHUR/Capital Area Food Bank effort this morning. Additionally, a dedicated group of Allied employees
Read more





Comtel Communications Signs Partner Agreement with Allied Telecom Group

Oct, 27, 2011
Allied Telecom Group, the DC-based operator of the region's newest and fastest network, announced today that Comtel Communications has entered into an agreement
Read more





Allied Sponsors the 2nd Annual Latisys Open House

Oct, 25, 2011
Allied was a proud sponsor of the Latisys 2nd Annual Open House at their Ashburn, VA data center.  Allied and Latisys have both achieved great success in serving the regional business
Read more





Allied Passes the Test of Mother Nature

Oct, 17, 2011
Allied Telecom, the DC-based operator of the region's newest and fastest broadband network easily withstood the impact of several natural disasters during August
Read more





Allied Hires Industry VoIP Veteran to Support Customized Voice Solutions

Aug, 15, 2011
Allied Telecom has named Robert Dawson as its Senior Voice Systems Engineer, responsible for all customer voice solutions and custom development. Mr. Dawson
Read more





New Ashburn Datacenter Added to Allied Network

Jul, 15, 2011
Allied Telecom has completed the interconnection of its Optical Transport Network with the Ashburn data center campus of Latisys, a leading national provider
Read more





Allied Telecom Partners With National Brain Tumor Society

Apr, 29, 2011
For the second year in a row, Allied Telecom was a major sponsor of the Golf for Hope at Blue Mash, part of
Read more





Allied announces enhancements to core infrastructure

Mar, 15, 2011
Fiber Rings: Allied Telecom, the DC-based operator of the region's fastest broadband network, has purchased a new 110-mile fiber ring that will enhance
Read more





Allied launches a major rebranding initiative

Jan, 31, 2011
Allied Telecom, the DC-based operator of the region's fastest broadband network, is proud to announce the completion of a major renovation to its
Read more





Allied Announces New Key Leadership Roles

Jan, 10, 2011
Allied Telecom, the DC-based operator of the region's fastest broadband network, named Glen Carter as their new VP of Operations and Engineering and
Read more














Need assistance with your service?Contact Us









Copyright © 2015 Allied Telecom Group





Contact Us  |  
Reasonable Use Policy  |  
Terms and Conditions  |  
Acceptable Use Policy  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Terms of Use  |  
Site Map



























