




Accept Payments Online And On Mobile | Amazon Payments


































Sign In
My Account
Sign Up



I'm a customer
Login with Amazon


I'm a merchant
Continue to Login




I'm a customer
View My Account


I'm a merchant
Continue to Login




I'm a customer
Login with Amazon


I'm a merchant
Sign Up




Customers



								Why Amazon Payments
							




								Featured Merchants
							




Merchants



								Why Amazon Payments
							




								Solution Providers
							




								Case Studies
							




								Merchant Tools
							




Developers



								How to Integrate
							




								Community
							




Documentation


Support



								Help
							




								Contact Us
							









change











I'm a customer
Login with Amazon

 

I'm a merchant
Continue to Login









I'm a customer
View My Account

 

I'm a merchant
Continue to Login

 

Logout























































A better buying experience
 Grow your sales with Login and Pay with Amazon
Help increase conversion. Capture mobile sales. Gain more repeat customers. Login and Pay with Amazon makes it easy for hundreds of millions of Amazon customers to buy on your site.









A better way to buy
Your convenient, fast and secure way to pay.
Buy what you want, and get on with your life. When you login and pay with Amazon, say goodbye to long checkout processes and missed mobile taps. Learn More 









Setup in a snap
The setup guides, documentation and resources you need – all in one place.
Get started with Login and Pay today. Learn More 























Learn how two of our merchants are growing their business with Login and Pay with Amazon. 













A smarter way to pay


Buy what you want with the tap of a finger
Login and Pay with Amazon makes it easy for customers to buy what they want, and get on with their lives. There’s no need to create countless usernames and passwords - your Amazon account credentials are all you need. Learn More 


















Protected wherever you go


Amazon's proven security has you covered
Whether you're a customer or merchant, you're covered. Customers' purchases are covered by the A-to-z Guarantee, and merchants can use the same fraud detection technology used by Amazon.com at no additional cost.














“Within eight weeks, nearly 25% of all orders on our site were placed through Amazon Payments, and that number has remained consistent. Our customers like the ease and security of paying with the information stored in their Amazon accounts.”
–Kevin Palmer, Senior Director of Online Marketing, The Clymb











“When it comes to fraud and chargebacks, it’s night and day better to deal with Amazon Payments because Amazon is hands-down there for us.”
–Charlie Garber, VP of Marketing and Development, The WEBstaurant Store











“At Redbubble, 30% of (US) buyers now elect to purchase via Login and Pay with Amazon, with a 15% higher conversion rate compared to our standard checkout.”
–Kelvin Beeck, VP Engineering, Redbubble

























Payments on the go


Mobile payments without compromises
With no additional setup, merchants can ride the mobile commerce wave. Customers use the information already stored in their Amazon accounts, with no need to re-enter credit card or address information.



See it in action.
Watch the video













Results








Increased conversion
Increase in online conversion rates using Login and Pay with Amazon











Higher average order value
Customers using Login and Pay with Amazon spend more.











More registered customers
Cymax saw new account registrations triple in the first three months.




























Automatic Payments


Build strong, long-term payment relationships
With Automatic Payments, merchants can establish ongoing payment relationships with their most loyal customers. Go beyond the transaction and build deep customer relationships, all while leveraging the convenience and trust that Amazon provides.










Latest News




Amazon Sellers Sold Record-Setting More Than 2 Billion Items Worldwide in 2014
In 2014, more than 25% of Login and Pay with Amazon payments were made using a mobile device
Read More







Introducing: The Growth Guarantee 
Whether you’re part of an established business or a fast-growing startup, it’s crucial to ensure that your business is always heading in the right direction.
Read More







Bloomberg TV: How AllSaints is expanding business with Amazon Payments
Richard Ascott, digital director for Allsaints USA Ltd., and Tom Taylor, vice president of seller services at Amazon.com Inc., talk about the partnership between the clothing company and the Internet retailer.
View Video







Prime members use Login and Pay with Amazon to unlock free next-day shipping on AllSaints.com
Learn more about how you might use Login and Pay with Amazon on your site to better serve Prime members.
Contact Sales











Connect
News








Twitter


Facebook


YouTube






Press


Blog








©2015 Amazon.com, Inc. or its Affiliates



								Privacy notice
							



								User agreement/policies
							



								Transaction & account security
							





								File a complaint
							



								Internet scams and phishing
							












Close








Welcome! What product are you signing in for?







Login and Pay with Amazon





Flexible Payments Service





Amazon Simple Pay





Checkout by Amazon





 Remember this choice
							





Not sure what product you're signing in for? Contact us for help
Don't have an account? Sign up











Close








Select your country below




















































