




Mobile Analytics - App & Web Analytics - Amplitude
























Features

Pricing
case studies
Help Center
About
blog
Sign up
Login



To drive growth, you need tounderstand user behavior.
Discover the user actions that drive growth with our scalable analytics platform for mobile & web.

try demo


Enter your e-mail to instantly explore our live demo






or get started for free



Every day, our customers use Amplitude to understand the user behaviors that drive their apps' growth.















































>> Read customer case studies




See why app teams love using Amplitude:

Exporting raw data is so easy with @amplitudemobile - I'm stunned. Awesome service!— Ned Rockson (@nedrockson) October 18, 2014




After trying at least half a dozen mobile analytics services, @amplitudemobile is the only one I love, so I invested. These guys rock.— Siqi Chen (@blader) June 11, 2014




@amplitudemobile it's like a superpower.— Asha Elizabeth Gupta (@ashaegupta) January 24, 2015




>> Learn how app teams like yours are fueling growth with user insights





Answer your critical questions about user behavior
With flexible dashboards and data science tools like behavior-based cohorting,the answers you need are just a few clicks away.

Full-feature analytics platform so you can segment your users and analyze funnels, retention, and revenue.
Drill down on behaviors that maximize engagement, retention, and revenue with behavioral cohorting*.
See common sequences of actions users are taking in your app with event flows.
Dedicated customer success manager* acts as an addition to your data science team.
*available on Enterprise plans











“Amplitude is essential for answering questions that drive our business forward.”

- Marcelo Savignano, HERE (Nokia), Senior Business Analyst





Have direct access to all of your raw data
We provide you with your own Amazon Redshift data store,so you can write SQL queries to answer any question.





Thanks to a back-end optimized for large data volumes. 

We take care of the whole ETL pipeline so you don't have to.

Connect to your Amazon Redshift database to write SQL queries for custom analysis.
Keep your data in your hands.





“By housing all our raw data for us in Redshift, Amplitude allows us to run custom queries and answer any question.”
- Gloria Lau, Timeful, VP of Data








Get fair pricing, no matter the data volume
Comfortably measure whatever you want without worrying about the bill. We won't punish you for growing.
Whether you're pre-launch or have 500 million users, we have a plan to fit your volume and budget. Pay month-to-month, or get a flat-rate annual contract with plenty of room to grow.
>> Find the right pricing plan for your team







“With our previous analytics provider, we were literally forced to do a cost-benefit analysis for any event we wanted to track.Amplitude's pricing allows us to track everything that's important to us, even as we grow.”
- Shane Hall, The Hunt, Head of Product




Get scalable analyticsbuilt for your app's growth.



try demo now



Please enter your e-mail address to start the demo!








or start tracking your app's events




Amplitude

Home
Features
Pricing



Resources

Case Studies
Help Center



About us

About
Team
Blog
Careers



Connect

Contact us














Get the latest content from the Amplitude blog:



















Privacy
Terms
Service Status






















