

Appleseed Portal - A Free ASP.NET  Open Source Content Management System (CMS)





























































































For Support Services contact our Sales Team :1.855.262.6826 Or reach us through E-mail




























Appleseed Portal
Develop and deploy interactive and dynamic web sites.
Your website – the public facing side – is just the tip of the iceberg.
An Intranet site for employees, an extranet for partners & vendors and a social media presence to stay relevant all have to be taken into account. Each of these elements is a building block that connects your company to people, organizes the processes and centralizes the information to create an effective long term strategy.
















Appleseed for your Business
What is Appleseed?
Appleseed is a cloud ready Web Content Management Platform for building web sites and web applications on Microsoft .NET.

Who makes Appleseed?
The Anant Corporation is the steward of the Appleseed open source project.





Why Appleseed? 
Appleseed is a free open source web content management platform used to run your website.
User friendly modules allow you to create & edit content with only a basic knowledge of HTML/Javascript.
Easy web design theming through the use of CSS & jQuery.
Free community support & paid professional support options available.










Customize your site with Themes and Modules













































Documentation




Installation Guide
A How-to-guide for Appleseed Site Installation.
View Documentation





End User's Guide
Our End User Documentation is the key to anyone unlocking Appleseed's true potential.
View Documentation





Designer's Guide
Find out what you need to know to design a theme in Appleseed.
View Documentation





Developer's Guide
A Developer's manual for an Appleseed site.
View Documentation






Code


Appleseed Portal is an open source project, feel free to download our code.


Download Free













Features


Web Installation
Appleseed provides a simple web installation that performs environment checks to speed installation



Multiple Portal Support
Appleseed supports the ability to run multiple sites within one installation.




Advanced Web Content Management
Appleseed provides HTML Content modules that allow both WYSIWYG and source code editing.  End users may also take advantage of the Drag & Drop features to arrange content.



Manage Site Files
Manage your sites documents in one central place per portal through our File Manager.




Theming Support
Change your entire theme in one click or make changes to specific theme settings.



Page Management
With the page management module you can add, edit, or delete pages with ease.















Documentation

Installation Guide
End User's Guide
Designer's Guide
Developer's Guide
FAQ



Latest Tweets



Code


Source Code



Social Media

Twitter
Facebook















© Anant Corporation. All rights reserved.
Designed by the Anant Corporation.












