








website personalization for online stores





































 

























Request a Demo







Menu



Barilliance





Skip to content
eCommerce Personalization Suite

Shopping Cart Abandonment
Product Recommendations
Website Personalization
Live!


Our Customers
About Us

Overview
Technology
Partners
Events


Agencies
Resources

Case Studies
Infographics
White Papers


News

Media Coverage
Press Releases
Blog


Contact Us
 








Unlock the True Power of eCommerce Personalization
Create a personalized shopping experience, every step of the purchase journey with real time website personalization, cart abandonment emails and personalized product recommendations
Request A Demo










						 Personalized experiences served on more than 500 eCommerce websites worldwide










 








 

Personalized retargeting emails
Trigger personalized cart and browse abandonment emails, activate dormant customers and capture more email addresses of anonymous shoppers.

Learn more






 

 
 











Personalized Product Recommendations
Personalize and automate cross-sells and up-sells across every customer touch point. We use transparent algorithms you can understand and control.

Learn More



 
 



 

Website Personalization
Increase sales and conversions by segmenting and targeting visitors with real-time personalized messages and offers. Make changes to your website without IT support.

Learn More






 

 
 











Live!
Build trust and create a sense of urgency by presenting real-time notifications of shoppers’ activity on your site.
 

Learn more



 
 



 

5 minute setup
5 minute setup integration with your e-commerce platforms, seamlessly integrates with your email provider.
 




 
 









“We have been looking for a solution that required the minimum of input from both our marketing and technical teams who are always overstretched. When we were told that Barilliance was just one line of code we at first questioned if the results would both look on brand, let alone be effective. Now that we […]”


 - Managing Director, electricshopping.com











“Barilliance has been a great partner to work with. The conversion rates we have obtained through the email my cart program have exceeded our expectations and we have seen an immediate ROI. The team at Barilliance has been very helpful and the implementation was very easy.”


 - Vice President of Sales, INYOPool.com






 
 







AS SEEN ON:



 












© 2009 - 2015 Barilliance Ltd.
Privacy Policy













    








Login
Home
E-Commerce Personalization SuiteShopping Cart Abandonment
Product Recommendations
Website Personalization
Live!
Email Personalization
White Label Solution
 

About UsOverview
Leadership Team
Our Partners
Our Customers
Technology
Zero Integration
Events
 

NewsMedia Coverage
Blog
Press Releases
ResourcesCase studies
Infographics
White Papers
 

Learn MoreRequest Info
Request Demo
Request Quote
Contact Us 
US: +1-617-284-6237
UK: +44-20-3287-7406
AU: +61-2-8091-4440
info@barilliance.com
support@barilliance.com
partners@barilliance.com
press@barilliance.com

 
































