


Betable Developers | The New Frontier in Gaming





















Home
How it works
Why it's legal
About Betable




Press
Contact
Login










Legally add real-money gambling to your games.













Reserve your Betable developer account now







I am at least 18 years of age, and I agree to the Terms & Conditions as well as the player account Privacy Policy.



Reserve















In a nutshell...
Betable is the only platform that allows you to legally offer real-money gambling in your games.

You tell our API that a game has started and needs an outcome.
We execute the request by determining the game's outcome and moving funds to the winner's Betable account.
Our API responds with the data your game requested.
You receive the API response and display the results to the player in your game.









Focus on making games, not acquiring licenses.

Integrate a better revenue stream into your games.

Monetize without sacrificing gameplay.









We have gambling licenses.

That's the simple answer to: "Why is it legal?" We're doing something very unique in a highly regulated industry, so we get asked this often.










Betable is licensed by the United Kingdom Gambling Commission. With our licenses, we can offer a wide range of gambling and betting services to players in legal gambling jurisdictions.









Do you have a legal question about Betable?
Contact us any time.











About Betable

















































































































Challenging yourself to solve new and complex problems is a daily occurrence at Betable.Want to work with us to redefine the gaming world? Let's get in touch.
Open positions in:
                            
Engineering
Product
Marketing
Developer relations








Investment team
 Bullpen Capital, CrunchFund, FF Angel LLC, Greylock Discovery Fund, Morado Ventures, Start Fund/DST, Tekton Ventures, True Ventures, and Venture 51
 Marc Abramowitz, Scott Belsky, Reece Duca, Bjorn Evers, Auren Hoffman, Sean Knapp, Andrew Kofman, Howard Lindzon, Chris Larsen, Heather Sue Mercer, Dave Morin, Matt Ocko, Gil Penchina, Joshua Schachter, Arjun Sethi, Josh Spear, John Suliman, David Tisch,
and Ray Tonsing














Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Betable Blog
@betableapi
Betable Developers





Betable Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Gambling Commission to offer betting services
from the UK. Licence Number 000-023328-R-307313-008. © 2012.  All rights reserved.











