 





The simplest bug tracker and client feedback tool | BugHerd








































































Home


Features


Pricing


How-to Guides


Blog


Contact



Log In
START A FREE TRIAL


















The world's simplest bug tracker, just point and click.
Capture client feedback, resolve issues and manage projects visually.












Turn client feedback into actionable tasks.

Your clients report issues by making annotations right from the site being worked on.
            
BugHerd turns these into full bug reports with all the info you need to fix the problem.
            





          The logo looks a little too small to see properly. Could we make it larger?
        


Task #422 The logo looks a little too small to see properly. Could we make it larger?
          
location /home/index.html
          browser Internet Explorer 7
          resolution 1024x768
        









Contextualise feedback
Mark up issues and submit feedback directly on your layouts, content and images with a single click. 
        

👥
Keep your team on track
Delegate and prioritise tasks, track progress, and keep clients in the loop with our clutter-free task board.
        

🔎
Find exactly what you’re looking for
          Easily filter and sort through bugs on the taskboard letting you know what needs to be done and when.
        




Increase developer productivity
          Stop miscommunicating with clients so you can spend less time discussing bugs and more time fixing them.
        


Integrate with your existing tools
          Get more out of your workflow by connecting BugHerd to the services and apps you already use.
        

☁
Hosted in the cloud
          Start bug reporting right away there is nothing to install. Begin your free trial and start immediately.
        








Loving BugHerd! It’s making collecting feedback from non-tech users so much easier.
Paul Tagell, Melbourne University










We’ve helped hundreds of organizations world-wide
deliver over  feature updates, bug fixes and change requests.









We absolutely love using BugHerd; it was a fantastic tool to use with beta testers.

Adii Pienaar, WooThemes


It’s as much a collaboration tool as a bug tracking tool and I like that, I like it a lot.

Paul Boag, Boagworld


BugHerd is indispensable in helping our community team easily identify UX issues for our devs.

Justin Style, Zerply


I really enjoyed BugHerd very much, I’m looking forward to using it on larger projects.

Andreas Diwisch, Razorfish


Keep up the awesome work, this app rocks!

Daniel Buchner, Mozilla


Thank you so much for building the most perfect product that I’ve used in recent memory.

Craig Keller, Digital Surgeons



view more testimonials





        Try BugHerd out for FREE.
        Nothing to pay upfront, unlimited guests on all plans. We think you’ll love it

GET STARTED NOW








          BugHerd is designed and built
          by web developers for web developers.
© 2015 Macropod Software Pty, Ltd



Blog
About
Testimonials
Terms
Privacy
Press
Contact



              We always appreciate a shout out –
              Tweet






















