



C3 Metrics® | TV Attribution + X-Device + Digital












































































































Real-Time Actionable Attribution for TV + Digital







Powerful Accuracy for Your Analytics
C3 Metrics award winning analytics SaaS platform focuses on one thing: Improving Your ROI



Overcome OvercountingStop over-counting & connect your channels in a single uninterrupted conversion path.

TV & Radio AttributionPerformance & optimization by Creative, Day, Daypart, Network & more.



ViewabilityiFrame measurement fully incorporated into ‘Viewable Conversions’ & Attribution.

Cross-Device & MobileC3 works across all channels and devices (cross-device) seamlessly linking them together.



Take ControlControl Brand Search & Affiliate at the bottom of your funnel.

Easy To UseReal-time Dashboard telling you where to increase or decrease investment to improve ROI.



Command


Command Across Silos & Devices.
Combine devices across offline (TV, Radio, Direct Mail, Catalog, etc.) and online channels (Display, Video, Paid Search, Social, Email, Content, SEO, Referral, In-App, Direct Navigation, SnapChat, etc.) for an easy to understand assessment of the true impact of all of your paid, owned and earned media.  Overcome Overcounting by taking command of your silos with C3 Metrics.




Control


Control Costs.
Gain control of your Display, Video, Programmatic and Content by knowing which what’s been seen.  And with Viewable Conversions + Conversion Controls, C3 takes real-time viewable impression data and feeds it directly to the C3 conversion gatekeeper so that only display ads viewed are eligible for conversion credit.




Communicate


Communicate in Real-Time.
C3’s real-time pixel fire scales the artificial intelligence of your vendors by training them to optimize based upon your entire media buy and not just their silo.  And with direct integrations with every Ad Server, Trading Desk & DSP, C3 signals vendors at each stage of your conversion funnel & provides WoW reporting, bringing Full Funnel Attribution® to life.






C3 Metrics was a boon to our shareholders. Cutting edge technology that enabled us to drive growth in revenue and profits. I thought of them as the cash register that multiplied.
Michael McDevitt – Tandem
C3 furthers our ability to monitor performance, generate actionable insights and implement strategies that improve and scale our clients’ multi-channel marketing programs.
Diana DiGuido – PM Digital
Crediting the last click is living in a marketing vacuum. With the explosion of tablets and the way we consume media–it makes C3 Metrics very valuable for ROI focused advertisers.
John Dimling – Nielsen
It makes no sense at all to use last click measurement systems.  We’re supposed to believe that only one channel was responsible for an online sale?  It’s ridiculous.  With C3 Metrics, we get indisputable truth.
Jeff Connor – Spartan Race

   

Attribution 101Attribution Webinars
Attribution Case Study
Attribution Revolution
WoW Reporting
Latest NewsEntourage – New Paragon of Product PlacementC3 Metrics Co-Founder in Rolling StoneResearchBrand Search
Display Advertising
Attribution
Upper Funnel Conversions
NEW CUSTOMERS Discover more by requesting a demo today.































Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software





