



Home - Campanja





































































































 

























 









 






The world's first SEM  Our high-powered bidding engine is saving paid search advertisers 10-30% on AdWords, Bing and Google Shopping campaigns. See what Campanja can do for you.Try Campanja









SAVE AT LEAST 10% ON YOUR SEM CAMPAIGNS, GUARANTEED. SIGN UP >




















“These guys have distinguished themselves from their peers.”
– Ram Shriram, Google founding investor
















The mobile app for search marketers
Plan your bid domination strategy, forecast the impact of changes, and make changes to your budget, all from your mobile device.

 


GET IT NOW

























































Faster, Better,
Stronger











Paid search is ruthless. All your tricks are known, and the only ones who know how it really works aren’t sharing their secrets. Enter Campanja. Our advanced bidding engine puts the power of high-frequency bidding and big data modeling in the hands of search engine marketers. So you can outmaneuver competitors with faster, better bidding, while saving 20% or more on your campaign costs.















Our Secret Sauce











What makes Campanja different? We can’t divulge our secret sauce, but here are some of the cool things Campanja does to give your campaigns a turbo-boost:

Real-Time Tracking
Keep up with the market changes that affect your bids
Predictive Modeling
Know when and how much to bid, every time
High-Frequency Bidding
Say goodbye to inefficient, once a day bids
Expert Service
Our account team is with you every step of the way






































No Replacement Necessary











Campanja integrates easily with your existing campaign systems, data and processes. There’s no need to replace anything. Like adding a turbo-charger to your car’s engine, Campanja’s bidding engine boosts the performance of your campaigns by making the right bid at the right time, every time.















Try Campanja Risk-Free

 
SIGN UP NOW

















“Campanja delivered cost savings of 28% and produced a 32% ROI improvement.”








 
READ THE CASE STUDY





Campanja Saving Advertisers 20% on Paid Search CostsHigh-Frequency Bidding Engine is Helping Search Engine Marketers Boost Return on AdWords, Google Shopping and Yahoo/Bing Search campaigns   We are excited to announce today results of new res...Read More >




 
Join 11 other subscribers


							Email Address						



































Palo Alto
Stockholm
London


 CONTACT US













 





















Home
Contact
SEM Efficiency Blog
About
Careers
 



PRODUCT
AdWords Planner
 



RESOURCES
ROI Calculator
FAQ
Risk-Free Trial
 












 
 












Sitemap
		 | 
		Terms
		 | 
		Privacy Policy
		 | 
		AdWords Planner - Privacy Policy
		 | 
		Google Play - Terms of Use
		 | 
		Apple Store - Terms of Use






































