



 | Captify



























Captify





About Us


Products

Search Retargeting
Programmatic Buying
Facebook
Mobile



Results

Our Clients
Case Studies



Publishers

Active Data Network
Programmatic Direct
Audience Extension
SSP



Technology

Platform
Real Time Analytics
Brand Safety
Partnerships


Blog and Press
Contact

Corporate Policies

Privacy policy
Opt Out








Log in



























            roll over the data map to 
            reveal the top key search 
            terms which are captifying 
            the world right now.


ok, got it!

✕


❯
❮
✕

Loading tweets...













































Captify Media Ltd






sales@captify.co.uk
accounts@captify.co.uk
adops@captify.co.uk

















About Us
Blog & Press
Careers
Contact Us



Privacy policy
Sitemap

© Captify Media Ltd 2015. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED





About

About Us



Products

Search Retargeting
Programmatic Buying
Facebook
Mobile



Results

Clients
Case Studies



Publishers

Active Data Network
Programmatic Direct
Audience Extension
SSP



Technology

Platform
Real Time Analytics
Brand Safety
Partnerships



Blog

Blog & Press



Contact

Contact Us







Privacy Policy

            Captify (Captify Media Ltd) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy
            sets out how Captify uses and protects any information that we collect through our technology platform. You
            can be assured that any data we collect will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
          

            Captify may change this policy at any time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to
            time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
          
Captify does not collect any personal information.
What we do

            Captify is a specialist in displaying advertisements that are relevant to you.
          

            Our aim is to enhance your online advertising experience by showing you personalised adverts for products we
            think you might like, based on your recent browsing history.
          


            In practice, you search for a product online, explore your various options and continue to surf the web. As
            you surf the web, Captify shows you adverts directly related to the product you searched for. With Captify’s
            service, the advertisements you see online should be more relevant to you than the ads you would see without
            Captify.
          
Captify Technology

            Captify collects Non-Personally Identifiably Information (N-PII) via anonymous “cookies” placed on our
            partners’ websites. This allows us to show you advertising that is more relevant and interesting to you.
          

            We do not at any point collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) such as your name, address, phone
            number, email, address, credit card information, or anything else that can personally identify you on behalf
            of our clients. There is no way for Captify to identify you.
          
Captify Commitments

            Captify has partnered with the following organisations to ensure that all information is properly regulated
            and that you have the greatest amount of control over what information you are providing:
          





Cookies

            A cookie is a small text file stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. There are two types
            of cookies:
          

            • Session cookies are used to make it easier for you to navigate on websites. A session ID cookie expires
            when you close your browser.
            • Persistent cookies are used to run our technology as they enable us to track and target the interests of
            our users to enhance the experience on our partners' websites. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive
            for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions provided in
            your internet browser's 'help' file.
          

            Our partners' advertisements are displayed on many publishers’ websites. These publishers may also place
            cookies on your browser. These cookies are there so that the publishers recognize that Captify has a
            personalised advertisement available for your browser.
          
How captify uses data

            We collect anonymous information. We collect only anonymous data through anonymous cookies that record: 
            • Events related to your activity on the partner's website (such as the number of pages viewed, the products
            you viewed on that website, your searches made on the partner's website). 
            • Information provided by trusted partners that may include socio-demographic data such as age range 
            • Events related to the Captify ad serving activity such as the number of ads displayed to you. 


            We do know that the internet browser you are using has visited one of our partner sites in the last thirty
            days. We do not collect personal information. We do not know who you are. We do not know your address, your
            place of work, your date of birth, your email address or any other personally identifiable information about
            you. We do not use or store your IP address for targeting purposes*. We do not collect sensitive information
            (such as religion, political opinion etc.).  The cookie information collected aims to increase the relevancy
            of the ads being displayed to you. We do not create segments that specifically target children under 13
            years old. We do not process any information which could be used by Captify, directly or indirectly, with
            the help of a third party or otherwise, to determine the identity of users. The data we collect is also used
            for reporting purposes, to give our clients and partners more information about the performance of their
            advertising campaigns, and to improve performance over time.
          

            In compliance with the best industry standards, we use IP addresses for fraud detection purposes (and not
            for targeting purposes) to help alert us to situations which could not have been caused by human behaviour,
            such as a massive amount of clicking in a limited period of time.
          
Opt-Out

            If you no longer want to receive Captify personalised banners, you can opt out directly through the “User
            choices” section provided in the privacy policy page here. Please note that this procedure will block ads
            that are displayed by Captify.
          

            Please note that this will not block ads that are displayed on the websites you visit, it will simply stop
            you receiving advertising that has been tailored to your interests.  This opt-out relies on a cookie, so if
            you delete all your cookies then we will no longer know that you have opted out. The same applies if you use
            a different internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet.
          

            You can also opt out of Captify's service by visiting the IAB opt-out platform. Please note that these
            platforms allow you to opt out of interest-based advertising delivered by registered members.  Visit Your
            Online Choices to opt out. You can configure your web browser to remove cookies by following the directions
            provided in your Internet browser's "help" section. Please note: when you opt out in these ways, a cookie
            will be set on your browser. We must maintain the cookie on your browser in order to recognize you as an
            opted-out visitor. You must opt out again if you clear that cookie from your browser, use a different
            internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet.
          

            If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us: By email: privacy@captify.co.uk By post: Captify
            Media Ltd, 5 Langley Street, London WC2H 9JA
          








