 



Home - Carpathia, Inc.














































AboutLeadership
Careers
What's New
Media
Contact
The E3 Promise

SolutionsEnterprise
Government
Digital Media
Healthcare

ServicesCloud Computing
Managed Hosting
Colocation
Continuous Assurance Platform (CAP)
Cloud Operations Platform™ for Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Data CentersNorth America
Europe
Asia Pacific

ResourcesWhite Papers
Case Studies
Fact Sheets
Spec Sheets
Webinars
Podcasts
Certifications
Events

Partner SolutionsAmazon Web Services
Digital Realty
EMC
Equinix
Microsoft
VMware
Referral Program

Blog
LoginEnterprise Customers
Carpathia Vault Customers
Prohosters Customers














QTS Realty Trust Acquires Carpathia Hosting.








ANNOUNCEMENT


QTS Realty Trust Acquires Carpathia Hosting.
QTS Realty Trust Acquires Carpathia Hosting.
Learn More














CASE STUDY


Proofpoint achieves FedRAMP compliance with VMware…
Learn More










Carpathia is a trusted cloud operator and leading provider of compliant cloud services and managed hosting


Carpathia's cloud platform delivers solutions for every…
Learn More












ANNOUNCEMENT


VMware vCloud® Government Service provided by Carpathia™…
Learn More










CASE STUDY


Veraction selected Carpathia to deploy a highly secure…
Learn More















Enterprise
Solutions
Carpathia is a leading cloud service provider that enables global enterprises to build innovative, customized infrastructure solutions, regardless of where they are on their IT transformation and cloud journey.








Government
Solutions
Supporting IT efficiency and mission success with compliant cloud and managed hosting solutions purpose-built for U.S. government agencies.








Digital Media
Solutions
A trusted cloud service provider, Carpathia delivers agile, scalable and highly secure solutions that significantly reduce waste and cost while keeping data safe.








Healthcare
Solutions
Carpathia provides comprehensive, secure and HIPAA-compliant cloud and managed hosting solutions designed to keep patient data safe and in your control.









SUPPORT AND CHAT





For more information on Carpathia Services and Solutions or if you’re a customer with Technical Support Needs, please select a chat button on the right or call our Support line.
Phone: 703.840.3900, Option 2Toll Free: 1.888.200.9494, Option 2


CHAT WITH OUR SALES TEAMCHAT WITH TECH SUPPORT








From the BlogTop 4 Considerations for Transitioning to the CloudPosted 06.23.2015Developments in telemedicine and outcome-based care are encouraging healthcare providers to adopt cloud-based platforms. However, it can be difficult for organizations to know exactly when they are ready for the transition, and whether or not they need to leverage the expertise of a cloud service provider to do so. 
Read More









News

Carpathia and QTS Emphasize World Class Customer Support as Integration Priority
Posted: 06.16.15
Carpathia, a trusted provider of compliant hybrid cloud services and managed hosting, today announced…
View Download PDF







Tweets







 On-demand webinar: Top 4 #healthcarecloud considerations. http://t.co/rofwg2Ic1D http://t.co/EXs7gxa02h

06.26.2015













 Need to deploy a #FedRAMP authorized cloud? Learn about our solution for performance intelligence pros @Proofpointnet http://t.co/uHVzz1VIO6

06.25.2015













 Download our eBrief for answers to your pressing #FedRAMP questions: http://t.co/sK5kfcROl6 #federalcloud http://t.co/BMNiWelZ5k

06.25.2015














Resources



Commercial Compliance White Paper




Since the passing of the Privacy of Information Act of 1974, both the U.S. Government and the private commercial industry have continued to pass laws and enact self-regulation to protect the confidentiality and integrity of personal or financial information housed on electronic information systems. 

As a result, compliance regulations like HIPAA, SOX, GLB, PCI DSS and others now greatly affect how organizations can host their data.
Download this free white paper to learn:

The basics of compliance regulations including HIPAA, SOX, GLB and PCI DSS
How to achieve full compliance under these regulations
Guidelines for selecting a compliant hosting partner



Download
Share




Federal White Paper: Cloud First




With four very distinct cloud deployment models, agencies have the option to select precisely which type of cloud will work with their specific security and compliance requirements. The question now is, "where do I begin?" 

Download this free white paper to learn:

The benefits of moving federal systems to the cloud
The full spectrum of federal cloud options and how each is commonly used
Why the public cloud shouldn’t be ruled out just yet
How a hybrid cloud solution can enable you to take advantage of the best of all worlds



Download
Share




Healthcare IT Infographic




Protecting the privacy and confidentiality of a patients' electronic medical records from unauthorized access is paramount to achieving compliance with federal regulatory laws such as HIPAA, HITECH and other laws that apply to healthcare organizations.

This infographic further explains:

The safeguards required to achieve compliance
Examples of penalties faced for non-compliance
The benefits of electronic medical records over paper
Incentives for switching to EMR



View the Infographic
Share











Corporate Office
21000 Atlantic Boulevard, Suite 500
Dulles, Virginia 20166
Get Directions
Next 
Prev 










Back to Top











Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email

©  Carpathia, A QTS Company. All Rights Reserved.
Acceptable Use Policy / Privacy Policy / Terms and Conditions





Solutions




		Enterprise
	



		Government
	



		Digital Media
	



		Healthcare
	






Login


Enterprise Hosting Customers
Carpathia Vault Customers
Prohosters Customers
Carpathia Referral Program








Share

Home












Share



Embed

Home
You may use this infographic on your website. However, the license we grant to you requires that you properly and correctly attribute the work to us with a link back to our website by using the following embed code.
Embed Code

















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software











