 

Castfire - Powerful Online Video Platform
















































							Home
						



							Services
							


Platform Overview





							Clients and Partners
						



							Company
						



							Contact
						



							Login
						






 




















				   Monetize Everywhere
				
















					See Our Capabilites
				










					Meet Our Clients
				


























Dynamic Ad Insertion
Monetize Video and Audio on any platform by stitching ad creatives with your content in real time on the cloud.
					   Eliminate the need for costly and complicated client side development on each individual platform.
					   







Any Device
Upload your media once and we'll automatically convert it into formats for mobile, tablet, web,
						OTT, and any other platform you need. Create endlessly customizable profiles for any device.







Millions of viewers
Handle high volumes of traffic with best in class uptime and capacity by leveraging our platform combined with the Castfire CDN (powered by Edgecast®) or your existing CDN partner.












Would you rather focus your efforts on creating great content, instead of dealing with the many difficulties involved with reliably
						delivering media to an increasing number of devices and platforms? We'd be happy to talk to you and see if Castfire's comprehensive video
						publishing platform can help simplify your operations. Click the contact us button.


Contact Us









Welcome To Castfire





Castfire is a powerful enterprise video CMS offering dynamic ad insertion, fully integrated workflow management, video transcoding for any platform or device, large scale video hosting, and much more.

 Dynamic Ad Insertion
 Monetize on any platform
 Manage large media libraries
 High volume asset delivery




Publishing shows online with Castfire has exceeded KCRW's expectations in terms of ease in managing our content online and the sponsorship strategies we wanted to put in place.
Anil Dewan, Director of New Media - KCRW 




Customers Speak



 In Castfire we've found a video partner who shares our commitment to quality and presentation. We believe our audience deserves the best and we're happy to be able to give it to them.






Publishing shows online with Castfire has exceeded KCRW's expectations in terms of ease in managing our content online and the sponsorship strategies we wanted to put in place.






Castfire exceeded the expectations of Fulgent Media and Killington with its creative approach and technical know-how throughout the campaign




















Our Clients





























































































































Case Studies




 CBS 




 Samsung 




 KCRW 




 Next New 




 CNET 










About
Castfire is a powerful enterprise video CMS offering dynamic ad insertion, fully integrated workflow management, video transcoding for any platform or device, large scale video hosting, and much more.


Learn More


Platform Capabilties






News



AOL Launches AOL HD powered by Castfire





HTML5 compatibility with our Flash players





Universal player and Google analytics: Two holiday gifts.






Contact Us

					1160 Battery Street
					Suite 300 
					San Francisco, CA, 94111
					Email: wostreamingsupport@wideorbit.com




Stay Connected















					2005 - 2015 © Castfire. All Rights Reserved. 
					Privacy Policy
































 