 



Programmatic Advertising and Retargeting | Chango













Rubicon
Chango


Skip to content



Call: 
Login



Solutions




Overview


Branding


Acquisition


Retargeting


Cross Device Targeting


Media Sources


Features





Why Chango




Overview


Programmatic Efficiency


Data


Reach


Strategy


What Sets Us Apart





Results




LEGO


Fuze


Poppin


Survey Monkey


Palms Casino


Nicotinell


Highlights


Other





Resources




Overview


Articles


Interviews


Whitepapers


101


Webinars


Magazine


The Cookie Jar





About




Overview


Our Story


Our Team


Our Culture


Our Investors


Careers


Blog


Heroes of the Month


Media Coverage


Press Releases


Brand Assets





Contact 






































We are excited to join the Rubicon Project team & add our intent marketing capabilities to their premium marketplace

Learn more








Programmatic advertising without all that rocket science mumbo jumbo

Get started
Learn more








Palms AcquisitionCampaign DrivesHighest RevenuePer Booking
#1 Performer Out of 6Display Media Partners

Read case study







You know what marketers don't do? Call themselves marketers.
The new 'cool' is programmatic school.

Start today


















Chango is a programmatic advertising company, purpose-built for the marketer. Chango uses exclusive intent data and technology to create relevant and timely advertising campaigns that produce rich customer insights.













Build brand awareness
Raise brand awareness by targeting your exact audience using our intent, behavioral and geographic data.

Learn more






Acquire new customers
Find new customers who haven’t been to your website. Chango uses exclusive intent data to identify your target audience.

Learn more






Retarget site visitors
Re-engage website visitors and customers in your CRM database. Chango scores prospects and customers and retargets them with dynamic creative.

Learn more










Proven Results




We’ve been doing this for a while, and marketers agree that our programmatic approach makes advertising more relevant for consumers. And that translates into some awesome results for you. Read our Case Studies 























Read the case study











































































Read the case study





























Read the case study



































Read the case study













Read the case study













Read the case study












Why Chango?








Our Programmatic Approach
Chango's platform has been designed and built over 5 years for the new era of real time "programmatic" advertising. We use data and algorithms to precisely identify your audience and then efficiently buy ad inventory across Display, Mobile, FBX, Twitter and Video.

100 Billion Algorithmic Decisions Made Each Day



















Industry Experts
                    help you succeed
The company has more than 100 introverts, extroverts, right brains, and left brains working hard to solve marketers’ most complex problems.

90%+ Client Retention Rate






Our Exclusive Data
Data is a key aspect of correctly identifying an audience. Chango has access to all the behavioral, contextual and browsing data you might expect. In addition, Chango has exclusive access to billions of real time searches collected from Google, Yahoo! and Bing through our proprietary Data Network.

400+ Million Audience Profiles




















Universal Live
                    Profile technology
Chango keeps the profile of hundreds of millions of web, mobile and tablet users "in memory" and updates each profile in real time as new data about each individual is gathered. Think of this like your computers RAM memory - this live data is available within 10 milliseconds, thereby enabling us to react instantaneously whereas other systems take hours or days to process the very same data.

Hundreds of millions of profiles refreshed in milliseconds








Programmatic Expertise 










article



Read More




                                        
                                            Ad Age
                                            
                                    
Getting Up To Speed On Programmatic Ad Skills











article



Read More




                                        
                                            Marketing Land
                                            
                                    
How Intent Data Leads to Better, More Personalized Marketing 











whitepaper



Download




                                        
                                            Chango Exclusive
                                        
                                    
State of the Industry: Q2 2015 Brand Lift Off











magazine



Download




                                        
                                            Chango Exclusive
                                        
                                    
The Meaning of Programmatic Branding









 











Chango Hero of the Month

Zeid Zabaneh








Street Cred






“Facebook has added retargeting firm Chango … bringing a powerful aggregator of search intent data to the real time bidding marketplace.”





“Chango has 300 million ‘search profiles’ it's collected from the various publishers it has worked with.”





“More media buyers are putting online display and search dollars to ads served to consumers based on their previous digital behavior.”





“Chango combines the data management options with the buying capability from a demand side platform.”





“Chango has become one of the world's top players in an esoteric niche: crunching gargantuan volumes of data to help online marketers better target their ads.”





“Chango’s secret sauce is that it combines search data from its proprietary data network.”









eTail RisingStar Award
eTail




Content Marketing Finalist 2014
Digiday




100 Companies to Watch list!
AlwaysOn Global




Top 40 Startups
Tech Vibes






Canada's Top New Growth Company
ProfitGuide's Profit Hot 50




Top 50 Brandsto Know in 2013
WebsiteMagazine




Technology Fast 50 in 2014
Deloitte




Canada's Fastest Growing Company
Deloitte











Talk to us in person.Call: 
Contact
Login


Latest downloads

Magazine
                                    



Whitepaper
                                    




Let's be friends






















© Copyright 2015 Chango Inc. All rights reserved. 




Opt Out
Privacy Statement
Feedback













×
Not sure what to choose from?


Help us connect you with the right person by choosing from one of the four options below.
Learn more about Chango's solutions: We can help you raise brand awareness, find new customers and convert online visitors into customers.
Press or marketing inquiries: For media, press or marketing-related inquiries.
Sell media or data to Chango: For data, inventory partners, and business development inquiries. Please note that Chango doesn’t currently buy media inventory from ad networks.
Something else: For reporters, billing and any other inquiries you might have. (Looking for a job? Check out our careers page.)











