
Investing, Retirement and Financial Advice | Charles Schwab







































Jump Links: 
Main nav
Login
Main content
Quick links
Footer

Type here for Search
Search

 


Schwab.com
中文登入
Schwab International
Schwab Advisor Services™
Schwab Alliance
Schwab Charitable™
Retirement Plan Center
Equity Awards Center®
Schwab 529
Learning Quest® 529
Mortgage & HELOC
Charles Schwab Investment Management (CSIM)

Find a Branch or Consultant
Contact Us



Charles Schwab

Open an Account

INVEST
BANK
TRADING
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
INTELLIGENT PORTFOLIOS
INSIGHTS








Accounts & Products

Accounts
Investment Products
Portfolio Management Services
Small Business Solutions


Pricing & Services

Fees & Minimums
Understanding Fees
Services & Support
Mobile Apps


Investment Help

One-on-One Guidance
Portfolio Evaluation
Research


Retirement & Planning

Savings Basics
Understanding IRAs
How to Invest
Saving for Retirement
Retirement Income
Saving for College
Estate Planning
Insurance Basics
Life Events
Tools
Retirement Consultation


Why Schwab

10 Questions
Reviews
Awards










Introducing Schwab Intelligent Portfolios™.Investing has changed forever.
Learn More
Offered through Schwab Wealth Investment Advisory, Inc.




Meet the sophisticated technology that builds, monitors, and rebalances your portfolio automatically—and can work to reduce your taxes.
Pay no advisory fees, no commissions, and no account service fees. Period.


Schwab Intelligent Portfolios charges no advisory fee. Schwab afﬁliates do earn revenue from the underlying assets in Schwab Intelligent Portfolios accounts. This revenue comes from managing Schwab Exchange-Traded Funds™ and providing services relating to certain third-party ETFs that can be selected for the portfolio, and from the cash feature on the accounts. Revenue may also be received from the market centers where ETF trade orders are routed for execution.
Tax-loss harvesting is available for clients with invested assets of $50,000 or more in their Schwab Intelligent Portfolios account. Clients must enroll to receive this service.
Accounts must maintain a minimum balance of $5,000 to be eligible for the automatic rebalancing.






Trading Services
Get free access to trading platforms and specialist support—no trade minimums.



Wealth Management
A modern approach towealth management.
Hear from ChuckSchwab, Chairmanand Founder.










Create a secure Login ID now


LOG IN


User ID



Password

Log in

Forgot Password?  






Start in:

Accounts Summary
Stock & ETF Trading
Option Trading
Mutual Fund Trading
Bond Trading
Account Balances
Research
Positions
History
Trade Source
StreetSmart.com
Holdings Tracker
Order Status



Save this as my start page

Verisign Secured
SchwabSafe  中文登入









 Jump to top

Log in for
Schwab International
Schwab Advisor Services™
Schwab Alliance
Schwab Charitable™
Retirement Plan Center
Equity Award Center®
Schwab 529
Learning Quest® 529
Mortgage & HELOC
Charles Schwab Investment Management (CSIM)



Register today to access your account information today. You'll need your:

      •  Social Security Number
      •  Brokerage Account Number
      •  Date of birth
      •  Home Telephone Number
    
Register
Help


 

Come in and see us
Get guidanceat your local branch.




The Schwab Difference
Why Schwab?
Because better outcomes matter.

 

Let’s get started
Open an Account
866-855-9102





Client Reviews
Schwab One® brokerage account
 
4.3  

89% of clients, who submitted published reviews, would recommend this account to a friend.

Need Help?Get personal assistance. Call 866-855-9102.Send us an email  |  Find a branch near you.

Connect
by Facebook
by Twitter
by YouTube
by LinkedIn
by Google+

06/08/15 12:43 PM EST

ACCOUNTS
Brokerage Account
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
401(k) Rollover
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
INVESTMENTS
Stocks
Bonds
Mutual Funds
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)
Annuities
Options
CALCULATORS
Retirement Calculator
Mortgage Rate Calculator
Mortgage Affordability Calculator
Roth vs. Traditional IRA Calculator
RMD Calculator
TRADING SERVICES
Stock Trading
Options Trading
ETFs Trading
Futures Trading
Trading Software

FOR CLIENTS
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Services for Employers
Retirement / 401(k) Plans
Retirement Recordkeepers
Stock Plans
Designated Brokerage
Schwab Index Advantage
Services for Independent Advisors
Schwab Advisor Services


Independent Branch
Schwab Franchise

Community Services
Financial Literacy
Volunteerism
Corporate Giving
Environment
Corporate Information
About Schwab


Multilingual Services
中文
 Options carry a high level of risk and are not suitable for all investors. Certain requirements must be met to trade options through Schwab. Writing uncovered options involves potentially unlimited risk. Covered calls provide downside protection only to the extent of the premium received and limit upside potential to the strike price plus premium received. With long options, investors may lose 100% of funds invested. Multiple-leg options strategies will involve multiple commissions. Spread trading must be done in a margin account. Please read the Options Disclosure Document titled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before considering any option transaction.Schwab Trading Services includes access to StreetSmart® trading platforms, the Schwab Trading Community, and priority access to Schwab trading specialists. Call 888-245-6864 to request access (a Schwab brokerage account is required). There are no fees to use Schwab Trading Services. Other account fees, optional data fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply. Schwab reserves the right to restrict or modify access at any time. Access to electronic services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrades or maintenance, or for other reasons.Brokerage Products: Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value
The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of brokerage, banking and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (member SIPC), offers investment services and products, including Schwab brokerage accounts. Its banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products. Access to Electronic Services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrade, maintenance, or for other reasons.

This site is designed for U.S. residents. Non-U.S. residents are subject to country-specific restrictions. Learn more about our services for non-U.S. residents.

© 2015 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc, All rights reserved. Unauthorized access is prohibited. Usage will be monitored. (0315-2323)
Site Map

SchwabSafe


Privacy 

Online Privacy

Additional Schwab Sites

Business Continuity

Financial Statement

Accessibility Help

Contact Us

About Schwab

Careers

Compensation and Advice Disclosures

Important Notices

SIPC®

FDIC Insurance


Connect
by Facebook
by Twitter
by YouTube
by LinkedIn
by Google+




   


Quote

Show IndicesSymbol Lookup







