


CHINA TELECOM





















 Add to Favorites
English | ·±ów | ¼òÌå | Mobile 







 













 Home


 News

 Brands

 Services

 About Us




























Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.











Navigation

















Links

Culture Dept.
North Telecom
CTBRI
China Telecom (Europe)
China Telecom (USA)
Anhui Telecom
Beijing Telecom
Chongqing Telecom
Fujian Telecom
Gansu Telecom
Guangdong Telecom
Guangxi Telecom
Guizhou Telecom
Hainan Telecom
Henan Telecom
Hunan Telecom
Hubei Telecom
Jiangsu Telecom
Jiangxi Telecom
Ningxia Telecom
Qinghai Telecom
Shandong Telecom
Shanghai Telecom
Shanxi Telecom
Sichuan Telecom
Tianjin Telecom
Xinjiang Telecom
Tibet Telecom
Yunnan Telecom
Zhejiang Telecom
CTSI
Yellow Page
Zhongyuan FDN






































more






China Telecom Opens Australian Office
15 June 2011, China Telecom (Australia) Corp. Ltd. has officially opened in Australia.  Mr Barry O'Farrell, Premier of New South Wales (NSW) Australia,  Mr Duan Jielong, Consul General of the People's Republic of China in Sydney,  Mr Deng Xiaofeng, CEO of China Telecom (Hong Kong) International Ltd, and Mr Zhang Huashan, Deputy Managing Director of China Communications Services Corporation  (Guangdong) presided over the opening ceremony.   The event was attended by over 100 honorable guests including Australian government agency representatives, telecommunications operators, representatives of Chinese enterprises in Australia, and multinational companies from a range of business sectors including finance, information technology, manufacturing, professional services, and news. 
The establishment of this Australian branch is an important milestone in China Telecom's...













About Us

more





China Telecommunications Corporation is an extra-large State-owned telecom operator in China,Global Partner of World Expo 2010 Shanghai,and was selected into the Top 500 Global Corporations for many consecutive years.China Telecom mainly provides the integrated information services including the fixed-line telephone,mobile service,Internet connection and applica-
tions services.By the end of 2009,China Telecom owns 194 million fixed-line telephone subscribers,62.36 million mobile
(CDMA) subscribers,and 61.75 million broadband customers.
More...



























more




Customer Brands



BizNavigator
This is a service brand launched by China Telecom for its enterprise customers and is an actual initiative for supporting China Telecom's strategic...



My e-Home
This is a customer brand that China Telecom has put forth for family customers,meaning "With love,there is no distance between you and your family"...


Operation Brands



E-Surfing
E surfing, as a mobile-communication service brand for FMC services. e surfing focus on intergate information applications with voice and data comm...



BestTone
This is a series of value-added information services provided by China Telecom based on the telephone number information service, providing custome...





ChinaNet


CHINANET, the world's largest Internet network reaches more subscribers in Asia than any other IP network and provides direct connections to al...



V-Net
This is a unified brand for China Telecom's Internet application services. By utilizing China Telecom's network and customer resources in the netwo...














Services

more






VIP Customer
Commercial Customer
Residential Customer










 


 



















































