



Live Chat Software | Live Support | Help Desk Software












































Pricing


Features


Integrations & Plugins


Blog




Get Started


Log In
















Increase Sales & Conversions with ClickDesk
               

Live Chat, Help Desk, Voice & Video, and Web Analytics Combo Software 
               

 Get Started NowIt takes less than a minute































Software
                           
Answer chats from Google Talk or the Agent Panel. Interact instantly.















                              VoIP & 

 Increase customer happiness with voice and video chat. No installation required!














 Desk
                           
Resolve tickets and offline chats with help desk software. Save the day, every day.















                              Social 

Connect with your customers on Twitter and Facebook. Drive social conversions.
















One-click integrations with your favorite apps and plugins
Including WordPress, Joomla, Zendesk, Salesforce and Agile CRM 






   










100,000+ businesses rely on ClickDesk
               







Complete live support software
                  
ClickDesk is the top online chat software because it is a combined live chat and help desk software. Small businesses use ClickDesk's  live chat software to boost user engagement through web chat, voice chat, video chat, social media management, real-time analytics and an integrated help desk to manage support tickets and offline chats. Instantly answer questions from your web visitors, analyze user behavior, increase social traffic and drive conversions.
                  












Chat on every device
                  
ClickDesk's chat app automatically works across platforms and devices. Respond to chats, receive calls and reply to tickets from anywhere, on any device - desktop, laptop, tablet or mobile. Never miss an opportunity for customer growth and retention with ClickDesk's live chat software.












Only live support provider with 99.95% UPTIME and 30 day money back guarantee
                  
Your business depends on
                     reliable uptime. Built on Google App Engine and hosted on Amazon
                     Cloud with backups in Singapore and Ireland, ClickDesk guarantees a
                     99.95% uptime to its customers. Rest assured 24X7X365.
                  


























Our users love the chat tool. Gives
                                 them an easy way to get instant feedback from our customer
                                 support. Awesome features, great dashboard for our chat agents.
                              

Marc-Peter,
                              www.energievergelijken.nl
                           













I can honestly say that this help desk
                                 has made me almost $1,000 in the last 24 hours and I've only
                                 been live for a total of 3 or 4 hours. Now I just need to find
                                 a way to scale with other operators.
                              

Palombo, www.distressedpro.com













It's amazing how customers can reach
                                 us at a moment's notice with Live Chat. We love the webchat
                                 panel and alternatively receive chats on our
                                 mobile. Highly recommended.
                              

Ashok R, Product Manager -
                              www.agilecrm.com
                           





 
  






The most comprehensive live support software
            
From customizable chat widgets to real-time analytics
            







Multiple Chat Themes
 Customize your online chat widget with colors and gravatars to fit your brand and website.
                        







Take Chats from IM
Answer chats with Google Talk when you are on the go. Never miss an opportunity.
                        







Stellar Support
Contact us 24/5 on our website. Like you, we are fanatic about customer happiness!
                        











SSL Secured
With advanced 128 bit SSL encryption, your chats and calls are always secure. Chat away tension-free.
                        







Web Conference
Impress your web visitors by adding additional team members to online chats. Show customers you care.
                        







Advanced Reports
Improve sales and scale your support the smart way with real-time reports, graphs and analytics.
                        











Click-to-Translate
Click on messages for an instant translation into your own language. live support with a global outlook.







Keystroke Preview
Begin typing a new chat message and the person at the other end of the chat gets an instant alert.







Proactive Chats
 Welcome your visitors with automated personalized greetings based on location, URL and more.






 View All
               






Check
                        out how ClickDesk looks on your website 

 










Some of our
               Happy Customers
            















Increase Sales & Conversions with ClickDesk
Combo of Live Chat, Help Desk, Video Chat & Telephony 



Live Chat Software 
Sign Up Today












Product

Home
Why ClickDesk?
Feature Tour
Pricing
Team Pricing
Plans Comparison
Live Support Software
Developers API
Competitor Comparison
                              

Mobile App
Product Updates




Features

Live Chat
Help Desk
Video Chat
Social Toolbar
Advanced Reports
Activity Monitor
Proactive Chats
Visitor
                              Tracking

Plugins & Integrations
Screenshots



More

About Us
Blog
Help & Support
Careers
Sitemap
Testimonials
FAQs
Resellers &
                              Affiliates

Press
Terms of Service










×
Combo of Live Chat, Phone, Social &
                                 Help Desk
                              





















ClickDesk, Corp.
                        MS 35, 440 N Wolfe Road, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA




Philippines Office
                        8th floor, Skyrise Building 3, Cebu City, Cebu, Philippines




India Office
                        6th Floor, Venkat Plaza, Panjagutta, Hyderabad, AP, India - 500082















 


 






Follow @ClickDesk





























© 2010 - 2014 ClickDesk - Live Chat,
               Help Desk & Live Support Software
            

















