

Web Analytics in Real Time | Clicky


















Help
Apps & Plugins
White label
Translate
Marketshare
Advertise
Terms
Blog
Twitter

Login Register










Start date
End date



Apply date range







SegmentsSample rate >10,000:
25%
Disabled
What is this?



Single day trend:
The previous day
Same day last week
Same day last year
Same day of week average
What is this?

 ▼



Jun 27 ▼

Today
Yesterday
2 days ago
Last 7 days
Last 14 days
Last 28 days
Last 60 days
Last 90 days
Jun 2015
May 2015
Apr 2015
Custom date range...

















Real Time Web Analytics




856,875 web sites depend on Clicky to monitor, analyze, and react to their traffic in real time.
Register now

Login    
		Demo    
		Learn more    
		Compare    
		




"Clicky has proved a perfect partner for us, after trying the free version, there was no turning back and we went pro. Love the insight Clicky provides with tools like heatmaps. It tells us exactly how our users interact with our website. The dashboard is just awesome and beats Google analytics hands down."- John, toptanks.com.au
More testimonials »



Why you'll love Clicky




Everything is real timeEverything in Clicky is up-to-the-minute real time. Not just a few things (*cough* Google Analytics).Everything.



Ridiculous detailMost reports provide a high level of detail on every segment of visitors. You can filter and sort by any column to quickly find what's working and what needs improvement.



Individual visitors and actionsClicky lets you see every visitor and every action they take on your web site, with the option to attach custom data to visitors, such as usernames or email addresses. Analyze each visitor individually and see their full history.



HeatmapsIn addition to standard per-page heatmaps, Clicky also lets you view heatmaps for individual visitor sessions, including segmentation. For example, you can view heatmaps only for visitors who completed a specific goal. Heatmap data is real time.



On-site analyticsYou (and only you) will see the on-site analytics widget in the corner of your web site. See you how many total visitors are on your site and how many are on the page you're currently viewing, with the ability to view those visitors right from the widget. Heatmaps and heatmap segmentation can be launched from the widget as well.



Uptime monitoringClicky alerts you when your site goes offline so you can react immediately. Your site's uptime is monitored from 5 geographic locations around the world and alerts are only sent when a majority of the monitoring servers agree that your site is down.



Easy to useClicky is designed to just make sense, but if you ever have a question, our knowledge base and customer support are just a click away.



And so much more...
Powerful and flexible API.
		Twitter analytics. 
		Google search rankings. 
		Video analytics. 
		Big screen mode. 
		Sub-users. 
		The best bounce rate in the biz.
		HTTPS tracking. 
		
		The list of features is nearly endless.
Compare Clicky against the competition!




Register for Clicky now, or try the live demo!









Blog
			Jun 15: Webhooks and push notifications for aler...
May 7: Clicky Supersize XL Extreme edition
Apr 26: New feature: Segments!
Dec 3: Change your trend preference on demand f...
Nov 18: HTTPS for all
Oct 21: Favorite sites
Oct 14: New global user preferences for trends, ...
Oct 14: New preferences: Log bots, and hide the ...
Oct 14: New graphing features
Oct 7: Yup, we're still alive. Here's what we'v...

Read more »



Twitter
@BitcoinGlobal You don't need to do anything, only you can see it, that's how it works! 
							via clicky, Jun 25

@black_skorpio Sorry haven't got to it yet. 
							via clicky, Jun 25

@BitcoinGlobal That is private, only you can see it. https://t.co/B0RUlSN5JL
via clicky, Jun 25


Follow @clicky »  
			See what others are saying »








Clicky
Register
Pricing
Terms of Use
White label
Advertise


Services
API
Apps & Plugins
Translate
Marketshare
Website uptime monitoring


Support
Help / Documentation
Forums
Contact


Social
Blog
Twitter



		Copyright © 2015, Roxr Software, Ltd











