



















Clickadu








 



ADVERTISERS
PUBLISHERS
ABOUT
FAQ
CONTACT


SIGN UP
SIGN IN
















Lucrative ad network
Internet advertising network for web and mobile channels with excellent expertise, unique capabilities and experience in revenue maximization for publishers and advertisers.




Global coverage
Quality traffic and monetization in more than 240 countries


Individual approach
Dedicated account managers will help you to achive your business goals














Publishers

High eCPMs on 240+ countries
Bi-weekly payments and multiple payment methods
Detailed statistics for your site








Advertisers

Fully managed service with campaign optimization
Advanced targetings: geo, site, device type etc.
Quality traffic with fraud and bot filtering












Made for maximizing your revenues




Tons of quality traffic

Over 50 million impressions daily
Premium sites to choose from
Great conversion ratios



Free premium service

Dedicated account managers
Multilingual customer service
24/7 support team





Top-notch technology

Convenient self-service platform(Coming soon)
Easy setup and launch
CPM and ROI optimization



Payments made easy

Multiple payment methods
On-time payments twice a month












Detailed statistics
Convenient self-service platform(Coming soon) and stats refreshed hourly.



Optimal targetings
Geo, frequency capping, OS device, ad placement and site



Optimization on-the-fly
Team of experts will help you to unleash the full potential of your ads







 





Gave them a try couple of weeks ago and I loved their CPMs! Definitely one of the best monetization solutions for me.
Drtuber network.













Latest News

Dear partners, due to updates of our adserver, there may be delays in updating statistics.
Mar 19


Publisher's panel is updated. Dashboard design is updated. Group by channel, site filters added. Export to CSV and EXLS added.
Nov 26


Campaign targeting is improved. Now advertisers may target users not only by operating system, but choose operating system version, including mobile OSes.
Nov 20


Publisher's panel is updated. Impressions and profit graphics added, search by keyword filter added, 10, 20,50, 100 results per page filter added.
Nov 11













Advertiser
Publishers
About
FAQ
Contact





















            Be sure to take a look at our Terms of Use
























