
Open Source Content Management System - Open Source CMS - CMS PHP - CMS Made Simple




























Skip to navigationSkip to content




Language:













Navigation











































































































































 Donate Now!Download 1.12 CMS Made Simple


 


 





Why Choose CMS Made Simple?
Powerful and Secure
3rd Party Integration
Flexible For Any Design
Robust User Interface

 




POWER FOR PROFESSIONALS SIMPLICITY FOR END USERS
CMS Made Simple, an open source content management system, allows for faster and easier management of website content. This CMS is scalable for small businesses to large corporations.
View Features

Features
Modules
Design
Development


SEO Friendly URLs
Integrated and online help
Modular and extensible
Easy user and group management
Group-based permission system





Accessibility WAI, WCAG, Section 508
XHTML and CSS compliant
Autogenerated menu
Every page can have different theme
Design protected from content editors





Search
WYSIWYG
Polls
Picture Album
Blog





GPL'ed source code
Rich module API for unlimited expandability
Full API documentation
Events system
Database abstraction


 Module Extensions


Extend the core of CMSMS, with 3rd party extensions that will make your project more robust and powerful.

Dev Forge Modules

WYSIWYG
Analytics
Google Sitemap
E-Commerce
User Management
Forums
view more modules

 


Sign Up for our Newsletter



	Email Address: 
	

	Name: 
	







Recent Forum Posts


The Lounge • Stuck on Step 2



The Lounge • Re: Template change - non admin account?



CMSMS 2.0 Beta • start_level does not work



Dutch - Nederlands • Zelf nieuwsberichten plaatsen



Modules/Add-Ons • Question about display registration information




Go to the Forums
Merchandise
Support CMSMS by purchasing some of our branded products. We have items for home, office and leisure.
view all productsCommunity News






We are here! After many, many rounds of internal testing and bug fixing we finally made it! It has been a long road, but the Dev Team is now very pleased to announce CMSMS 2.0 RC1 (Release Candidate 1) for...









In the past 10+ years we have seen and had many a discussion in our community about bug reports and feature requests for CMS Made Simple™ that were marked as invalid and then closed by a developer.









Today we are announcing the latest in the stream of releases for CMSMS 1.x. Version 1.12 - Pohnpei. This release can be called a 'security and stability' release where we primarily made changes related to security, but also attempted to...









Often I find topics on the forum where people inquire about finding professional templates specifically made for CMS Made Simple. Almost as often there are also critical voices, usually amongst the replies to those topics, saying that CMSMS needs more...









 Important Security Release  
Although we had not planned on releasing a new version of CMSMS for a while yet, a few security vulnerabilities (some that were reported to us, others that we found ourselves) have forced our hand.









As I sit writing this article, I’m thinking about the jobs that I have on at the moment.  There are quite a few.  I can honestly say that around 50% of them would not be mine (or at least not...




 
2: About

2.1: Features

2.2: Dev Team

2.3: Blog

2.6: Testimonials

2.7: Merchandise

2.8: Donations

2.10: About This Website

2.11: Sitemap

2.12: Trademark Policy

2.14: Join The Dev Team


3: Downloads

3.2: Demo

3.3: Themes

3.4: Modules

3.5: Tags

3.6: Marketing


4: Documentation

4.1: Documentation

4.2: Support

4.4: End user tutorials

4.4.1: Admin panel

4.4.2: Pages

4.4.3: News module

4.4.4: Image manager

4.4.5: File manager

4.4.6: Global content blocks

4.4.7: Admin users and groups


4.5: FAQ

4.6: IRC

4.7: Participate

4.8: Report Bug or Feature Request

4.9: Newsletters

4.9.1: Newsletter Archive


4.10: Professional Services


5: Forum

5.1: Rules

5.2: Announcements


6: Development

6.2: CMSMS™ Forge

6.4: Translationcenter

6.5: API Documentation

6.6: API Documentation 2.0


16: Partners



CMS Made Simple™ is Free software under the GNU/GPL licence.  Website designed by Emeka Rajis of Defined Clarity 
 


