

Green Certified Site

















Get Green Site Certification for your website:
          




Your website

http://

Your email





            From $9.95/Month
          









About




What is Green Certified Site?
Green Certified Site™ is an eco-friendly web badge that calculates your website's environmental footprint, finds ways to make your site more energy-efficient, automatically neutralizes its calculated carbon footprint, and displays the widely-recognized trustmark shown above.
                    




How does Green Certified Site work?
Once you sign up, you will get a short code snippet to insert into your website. That snippet will automatically monitor and neutralize the end-to-end carbon footprint of your website -- not just the servers, but the visitors' computers (while they are on your site) and the networks that connect them. Green Certified Site works with all hosts.
                    




Who uses Green Certified Site?
A wide variety of small, medium, and large websites and blogs use Green Certified Site. We have worked with IBM, Harvard University, Segway, and thousands of other companies, individuals, and organizations.
                    




Is Green Certified Site easy to use?
Very easy. Just copy-and-paste a short snippet of code. We offer 24/7 telephone and email support for free, so if you need anything, we're there to help.
                    




Are reseller/enterprise solutions available?
Yes. Consultants, designers, and hosting providers interested in reselling Green Certified Site (GCS) to their own clients and customers should contact us. If you want API access to create and delete individual GCS accounts for your customers, contact us for GCS Host. If your energy firm wants to provide website owners with a branded widget showing the contribution of your fuel type to the current electricity mix of their site experiences, contact us for GCS Mix. If you are running a virtual event or conference and want to show your visitors the physical travel footprint avoided, contact us for GCS Travel. 
                    






Benefits




Improve your visitor engagement.
Proudly display that your site is providing visitors' computers with a carbon neutral experience, encouraging each visitor to view more of your pages and generate more sales and attention. Green Certified Site includes integrated A/B testing to monitor changes in your site's engagement (page views per visitor) as a result of displaying the trustmark.
                    




Neutralize your site's footprint.
You know you're green, but how do you prove it to your customers? With Green Certified Site, your visitors can see live reports on your site's footprint. We then purchase as part of your subscription, at no added cost, auditable certificates showing that you are effectively neutralizing your site's footprint with carbon offsets or renewable energy from wind and solar farms.
                    




Improve your site's energy efficiency.
Studies show that websites lose more sales due to slow page load times than anything else. With Green Certified Site, you can make sure that your website loads as quickly as possible. This not only increases your sales, but also reduces network electricity consumption and improves your page rank on search engines.
                    




Get more traffic with a green website.
The Green Certified Site trustmark is the web's most widely recognized symbol of environmental friendliness. 
Signing up for Green Certified Site instantly gives you a powerful eco-friendly message with which to promote your own site on your blog, in your newsletter, or in the press.
                    




Full international support.
Green Certified Site works with websites hosted anywhere in the world, with visitors from anywhere in the world. Moreover, the Green Certified Site trustmark and certificate support a variety of languages.
                    













Your website

http://

Your email





            From $9.95/Month






          ©2014 Enernetics, Inc. - International Patents Pending
          - Email us








