





AD Gallery - Home











































Code

Register
Sign In











AD Gallery







home
source code
downloads
documentation
discussions
issues
people
license






Are you Sure? X


            By clicking Delete, all history, comments and attachments for this page will be deleted and cannot be restored.
            








Page Info
Change History (all pages)

















All Project Updates


Discussions


Issue Tracker


Downloads


Reviews


Source Code


Wiki & Documentation





                        Subscribe
                    










A highly customizable gallery/showcase plugin for jQuery.

Choose effect, should the image slide in, or fade in? You can even write your own animation function.
Show fifth image by adding #ad-image4 to the url, this takes precedence over over settings.start_at_index
Create permalinks to specific images, by index or id Listens to changes to the url to make linking to specific images easier jQuery call returns gallery instances, which enables you to change settings on the fly like the "Change to fade effect" link above
Keyboard arrows to move back and forth Click on the edge of the big image to go to the next/previous Images are preloaded, and if they aren't finished loading when they are supposed to be displayed, a loading image will appear
Slideshow count down only begins when the image has loaded and is visible Image title, can either be set in the title attribute, or in elm.data('ad-title', 'My title here'). $.data takes precedence over the title attribute
Image descriptions, can either be set in the longdesc attribute, or in elm.data('ad-desc', 'My description here'). $.data takes precedence over the longdesc attribute
Callbacks on different events that has access to the internal object, which means that you can access all internal methods, etc
Takes the dimensions of the image container div and scales down images that are larger than it
Image is positioned in the middle if it's smaller than the container div Images that are larger than the container are scaled down to fit inside the container
Demo
http://coffeescripter.com/code/ad-gallery/
Roadmap

Rewrite from scratch with better modularity Make it possible to have the thumbnail list vertical instead of horizontal Make it possible to display HTML5 videos, and not just images



Last edited  by andersekdahl, version 12





download





                    AD Gallery 1.2.7
    			







Stable



94,960







Review this release





Most Helpful Reviews
Most of the functionality works fine, looks great on a webpage. However there are two issues I encountered.
1. the second image show... (more)
ewqeqwewdq sdaqew qwe qqwe qe qwe qwewq  qwe qweq qwe 
View all reviews






Ads by Developer Media





activity



page views
visits
downloads








Days: 


7



30



All

Details








© 2006-2015 Microsoft
Get Help
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Advertise With Us
Version 5.26.2015.21018






