


HTML Editor, Website & Web Design Software | CoffeeCup Software































       
    







CoffeeCup



MENU




                  CoffeeCup
                


Our History


Meet The Team


The Latest News


Get Our Newsletter


Contact Us




ABOUT US


Our History


Meet The Team


The Latest News


Get Our Newsletter


Contact Us




STORE


SOFTWARE




All Windows Software


Responsive Layout Maker Pro


The HTML Editor


Web Form Builder


Responsive Email Designer


Places






All OS X Software


Responsive Layout Maker Pro


The Web Editor


Web Form Builder


Button Builder


Responsive Email Designer






Free Stuff


Free HTML Editor


Free FTP


Web Form Builder Lite


Free Web Image Studio


MP3 Rip & Burn






SERVICES


One-Click Web Hosting


Online Store Hosting


Web Form Hosting


Post from Anywhere


Easy File Storage


Plans & Pricing




COMMUNITY


User Forums


Support


Contact Us





Get Our Newsletter


User Stories


The Embassy













                         Nothing in cart                     




 Sign In or Up


















Release SpecialTake 40% off REDGet 15 ThemesBuy for $69







RED





Responsive Email DesignerCreate stunning emails that are easy to read and display nicely on any device.
RED improves open rates, clicks and revenues.

Watch the Video
Download Now









Multi-page workflow
———
Create interactive multi-page prototypes, wireframes and layout designs. All fully responsive of course!


           
        



Everybody loves Super Sizer!
———
A tiny but powerful hero. He let's you see what your design looks like at any size. And if you're not 100% happy, his buddy Breaker will help you fix it.


           
        



Breaker: The responsive problem solver
———
Be in control. Use custom breakpoints to design from the content out and create a truly responsive experience.


           
        



Smart elements make it easy…
———
Need a heading? Drop it in. Input field? Done. Maybe it's too easy...


           
        










Hot App!Buy &amp save today $129








Responsive Layout Maker





Hot Release: The only App that makes custom, content-driven, responsive layouts!


 
 
 
 
















TODAY
The HTML Editor
 + 25 Themes
 + HTML5 Guide
 = just $79






The HTML Editor
Leading the web industry since 1996.















SPECIALWeb Form Builder + 65 Themes + Design Guide = just $79









Web Form Builder
Responsive web forms that custom-fit any device, boosting submit rates.













Responsive Email Designer
Design and create responsive newsletters, marketing emails, receipts, invoices. No code!



Responsive Layout Maker
Prototype responsive designs and generate custom layouts. Correct, this App has no equal.



HTML Editor
The reliable award winning web design rockstar that built a huge dedicated fan base.



Form Builder
Ultimate web form design control. Create order, contact, subscribe and any other form you desire!














Responsive Emails & Newsletters? We got it!
Email professionals say making and testing a custom responsive email takes days. They were totally right... until the release of the unique Responsive Email Designer (aka RED)!
The modern CSS3 controls, custom breakpoints tool, snazzy width slider, and flexible layouts are supported by a unique and powerful email code generator. If you want to create the best possible reader experience across devices and email clients, this is the one app you need.

More Info
Download Now












The #1 Web Form Builder.Just a one-time $79.
Includes 65+ responsive form themes, plus our web form design guide. Create contact forms, surveys, reservation forms, sophisticated order forms, and anything in between.
Even use Form Builder for collecting payments. With the most complimented web form app around, there's nothing you can't do.

More Info
Buy Now















“Your form design is so good, I am giving up the other three I previously tried, thanks!”
          Frank Olds















Responsive Layout Maker
The adaptable layout is the core, and most challenging aspect, of any custom responsive website. And this makes Responsive Layout Maker a true game changer.
It’s the only app for visually developing responsive prototypes, as well as production ready layout designs that adapt to any device and screen size.
Fluid grids, custom breakpoints, draggable elements, subgrids, viewport slider, super clean code, custom classes & IDs, and a lot more!

More Info
Buy Now









What our customers are saying about us… »











I love this software. It's so cool that you've enabled me to easily design and create my own forms, meaning I no longer need to pay a coder to make the back end work.
 David N.











I built a new site for our company and your menu builder made it great to navigate. Your html software and SEO checker, enabled me to make it fully html5 & css compliant and error free. It is in top position in Google as a result. We may not even have to advertise in magazines this season saving us $100's.
 Paul B.













Coffeecup may be the best service oriented business I have ever had the pleasure to deal with. The product line actually speaks for itself, but service beyond the sale is the heart and soul of any enterprise. Kudos to you and the staff.
 Booth K.











Coffee Cup offers some of the best web design tools on the planet. For that I want to say thank you. You have made my work much easier. I think your RWD Layout Maker will help increase the number of responsive website and make things much easier for designers and developers. With how huge smart phones and mobile devices it's a shame so many websites are not mobile ready. So it's great to see tools like Layout Maker.
 Gregory V.













I must say, after using two of your products, Menu Builder & Form Builder in the last few weeks I have been extremely impressed not only with the software which is a knock-out, the customer care, which is both speedy friendly and super efficient but also the supporting documentation (which is of the up most importance to users) that you provide on your site. Someone goes to great pains to deliver that support in a wonderful friendly way. All in all I have never seen a business model like it that keeps both sides happy for a change.
 Grahame M.











The deeper I get into Web Form Builder the more impressed I become at the depth and elegance of your software.
 Morley C.













Not only do you guys have the best software out there for every level of web designer, but you also have the absolute, hands-down, nobody in any industry even comes close to it tech support and customer service. It's a pleasure. . .
 Richard W.











Okay I normally don't post about how good programs are or software, but Website Insight has got to be in my top 3 programs. There are endless amounts of features that you can accomplish with this software just by clicking a button.  I'm being real man this is revolutionary and I don't think people get the idea of all of the features guys, like when I seen website insight, I just thought , oh well it's another stat counter program. It's NOT, it's BETTER than any other program i've used to track my own personal website.
 Matt R.













I just wanted to thank you for such a wonderful product! I needed to replace an aged FrontPage site because most all hosting companies are taking down their FP support. I really did not want to go with an editor but no WYSIWYG program would create simple HTML files. My wife created a CSS and a template HTML page for me using Dreamweaver and I was able to rebuild my entire site far better than it had been using your Direct FTP. It was exactly what I needed. Probably could have used the HTML Editor instead but I only do one site every 10 years, give or take, so I thought to try this first. It worked perfectly for my needs. Thanks for doing such a great program at such a reasonable price.
 John M.











 I'd been struggling with logging in to any FTP client on my windows 8 machine, and after installing and uninstalling about 5 other programs, I looked through the troubleshooting guide for your FTP client which I had just downloaded, and finally found a page that explained everything without either going over my head, or oversimplifying it. After two hours of banging my head against a wall, I can finally get something done. Thanks for providing such an awesome FTP client, and nicely written documentation to go along with it! :)
 Megan S.













I gotta tell you, I hired a "designer" to create a site for one of our companies, thinking maybe he'd do a better job than I was able to do myself. Well, 3 months later, I've fired him and went back to Coffee Cup and redesigned the site myself! It's much better! With the ease of use and your helpful support, quickly and conveniently, I am able to keep complete control, and fix any problems, make additions, updates, etc. whenever I'd like! You guys are the best!
 William V.











Web Form Builder has made my life infinitely easier, I create 20-30 forms a week with it and now save myself over a hundred hours every month.
 Jason E.













I give Coffee Cup a 10 for after sales service. If ever I could recommend a company for service of the highest order it is this company. Thanks for all your help guys.
 Mark G.











 I am an independent businessman without the budget for a web designer. Coffee Cup permitted me to build a professional looking site myself. I'm very proud of it. When people ask who did it, I say "I did, but I couldn't have done it without Coffee Cup software".
 Rory C.













Web Form Designer is a terrific piece of software that is elegant, simple and customizable for just about any need. My hat is off to you for creating the exact standalone forms creation tool I needed so that I can host my clients' sites on their servers and not have to pay a monthly fee for form hosting.
 Len W.











I've been using Frontpage for the last 10 - 12 years and was so frustrated with that program I wanted to pull my hair out. I tried Blue Voda, Wordpress and frankly didn't like them. Then I found Coffeecup. Man, what a blessing. I put my site together in 2 short nights. Still have lots of stuff to add but Coffeecup is soooooo easy to use.
 Rodney B.













I have to say that the Web Editor has been awesome to use. I'm practicing web development and designing and the snippets, tags, and everything else are really helpful.
 Liz A.











 For the first time in over 12 years of web design, I finally enjoy working on forms. (Of course, that's 100% thanks to Web Form Builder.) :-) Thank you!
 Jeremy H.













This Web Form Builder is probably one of the best software programs that you've come up with. I was hesitant at first in dealing with the Lite version, but WOW this is the best. I am really looking forward to additional upgrades and the many possibilities that this software offers.
 Broadway C.











CoffeeCup is ace! The software is really great but it's the quality of support that has CC doing cartwheels over the heads of every other company I've ever dealt with.
 Dawn M.












Web Design Since 1996
It’s true, we were born in an actual coffee shop back in 1996. There we developed one of the most popular and widely used web design tools in the industry: the HTML Editor.
Since then, we’ve evolved with the web to bring you numerous new releases, and dozens of new innovative software products for developing and enhancing websites.


We Love Our Regulars
We’ve got the greatest customers on Earth. Our forums are frequented by thousands of Webbies — designers, developers and web entrepreneurs just like yourself.
We're happy to host a prosperous community of people who are eager to give advice, help with our (and your!) software, or just chat about web design and internet business.






Award-winning Support
When you buy our software, you get support for life. With one of the most complimented support staffs on the web, you'll get all the help you need.
At CoffeeCup you get your very own personal support room where you can speak with our staff about a wide range of topics. And since we're a real business with real people, you can talk to us over the phone too!


Control Your Web Presence
Having a professional presence on the Web is critical to any business these days. So our mission is simple: providing you with the best products and latest technologies for managing and growing your sites and stores.
Whether you want to build web forms, or design responsive layouts and sites, with our Apps you get a fast and fun way to rule the web.






Yay! You're one step closer to your responsive future.






Leave us your info and stay in the know with early announcements regarding our upcoming caliente responsifying apps, books and more!









Sign-Up







Close









THE SHORT STORY
We started in a real coffee house in 1996 with the HTML Editor. Our philosophy has always been to create web design software and services so you can make better Websites. We are dedicated to helping you with extraordinary support so we can succeed together.





LET'S BE FRIENDS




















GET MONTHLY NEWS













WINDOWS APPS


Responsive Email Designer
Responsive Layout Maker Pro
The HTML Editor
Web Form Builder
Visual Site Designer
Shopping Cart Creator Pro
Shopping Cart Designer Pro
Direct FTP
Animation Studio
Website Access Manager
Web Image Studio
Sitemapper
LockBox
Shopping Cart Creator
Web Calendar
Menu Builder
Website Color Schemer
Image Mapper
Website Insight
Button Builder
Places




OS X APPS


Mac OS X Overview
Responsive Email Designer
Responsive Layout Maker Pro
Web Editor
Web Form Builder
Menu Builder
Web Image Studio
Button Builder




              IMPORTANT STUFF
            

Stories from Users
Community Forums
About the Team
Contact Us
The Theme Store
The Graphics Store
Our Web Design Books
Link to CoffeeCup











Top of Page
CoffeeCup Home Page
Online Store
Web Design Software
Get Support
Copyright & Legal
Site Map
© 2015 CoffeeCup Software, Inc.
















 




Hey there! Good to see you again.



 Secure Login | No account yet? Create One!


























          Hey, nice to meet you! Let's get started.
        




            What's your email address?
            


            Pick a password…
            


            …now type it again.
            









            Cancel
          










Close


 









