

	Communicator | Email Marketing Company












































Contact Us
Login




Products

Solutions

Services

Resources

Clients

About

Blog








 Automate. Engage. Deliver. Send email and mobile marketing campaigns which captivate your audience and increase ROI Request a Demo 








  Products  Manage, automate and analyse your email, mobile, social and web campaigns. Find out more



  Solutions  Send highly targeted, personalised multi-channel campaigns to your customers.  Read further







  Services  Knowledge-based solutions to drive your brand forward delivered by our team of experts. Find out more



  Resources  Need to know more about email marketing? Access our research, advice and guides for free. See for yourself






MEET THE FANATICS We’re Communicator. We love technology and marketing that engages and excites. For over a decade we’ve helped marketers to build longer and more profitable relationships with their customers; through the use of targeted, relevant communications.  
Our technology provides our customers with everything they need to send data-driven, sophisticated email & mobile campaigns. This is underpinned with tools to increase your social reach & acquire new customers, capturing their preferences with web data capture tools, for a full cross-channel marketing experience. We’ve grown through the continuous development of our technology and by establishing an innovative culture which ensures delivery beyond expectation for our clients.








































  Got a 
Question? We're a friendly bunch and we love to help with all things digital marketing.   P : +44 (0) 844 870 8971 E : info@communicatorcorp.com



  Request a 
Demo
 Want to see Communicator in action? We don't blame you! Leave a request and we'll be in touch soon. Request a demo






Stay
Connected

Want to stay on top of industry news and views? Sign up to receive our newsletter or follow us.




















 Products

Email
Mobile
Social
Web
Sales Recovery
Integration
Campaign Analytics
Engagement Groups

Solutions

Lifecycle Marketing
Automation
Dynamic Content
Triggered Messaging
Grow Your Database
Ecommerce
Delivery Solutions

 Services

Managed Campaigns
In-House Agency
Training
Delivery Services
Data Management

Resources


Clients


 About

Account Management
Implementation
Partners
Vacancies
Support
Security
Contact Us

Blog






Contact
 Communicator 
Thomson House,
Groat Market, Newcastle,
NE1 1ED, United Kingdom
  London Office
One Canada Square,
Canary Wharf, London,
E14 5AP, United Kingdom
 
Tel (UK): +44 (0) 844 870 8971 info@communicatorcorp.com   





Copyright ©  2015 Communicator Corp | Anti-Spam Policy | Privacy Policy | Accessibility












