

Home « Convertro Convertro








































































Home
About
Why Convertro
Resources
News
Request a demo























Request a demo 












How it works


Our advantage


Case Studies














Measure
How do people find you and become customers? We can show you, by continuously measuring individual customer paths to conversion, across channels and devices.










Attribute
Why did people buy? We analyze all possible influences and determine what marketing channels really worked.










Optimize
How can I grow my business? Convertro helps you reallocate budget from underperforming to profitable sources, increasing your marketing ROI at no additional cost.









Not just Big Data, but Accurate Data
We measure customer interactions with your brand as they move through the purchase funnel.  We collect conversion event data from your online e-commerce, in-app, in-store, or retail partners.   We then match up user-level data from online display, video, email, mobile, social, affiliate, and search campaigns along with offline direct-mail, catalog and broadcast TV/radio campaigns.
 
Read more




 









Scientific Attribution
We offer sophisticated multi-touch attribution and marketing mix modeling. Our machine-learning algorithm considers thousands of variables to accurately assign credit across every touch-point your consumers take. The results show you leaders and laggards at the channel, vendor, tactic, and ad level – centered on the KPIs you care about: sales, ROI, profit, or custom.					
Read more




 









From data insights to spend recommendations
We offer a holistic closed-loop system for driving marketing ROI.  Our toolset delivers actionable recommendations, regardless of your business type or vertical. Set your broad strategic media plans with our top-down Marketing Mix Model. Make agile, tactical optimizations across multiple channels using our interactive dashboards and SEM/DSP integrations.

Read more




 


















Linking online and offline marketing
We tell you how TV, catalog, and direct mail influence digital campaigns.  We identify which advertising is driving consumers to your stores.


Learn more







Speed to Recommendations
Our entire system is built for speed.  Automated data integrations ingest and normalize your data faster.  Our advanced statistical model attributes billions of customer interactions daily. Our user-friendly web portal shows recommendations in plain English. Our direct connections with programmatic SEM tools and display/mobile/video DSPs let you optimize with ease.


Learn more







Built to scale
Our cloud-based system manages 1.5 terabytes of data every day. We automatically ingest data from over 350 marketing sources. We use deterministic methodology to match billions of ad impressions across millions of devices to identify cross-device users with 100% accuracy.  Our real-time data processing allows you to explore multiple scenarios and strategies without waiting.


Learn more












 

63%
increase of Zendesk’s qualified leads after measuring and optimizing display impressions with Convertro

Read Case Study 





 

48%
reduction of CPA for TV ads accomplished by Dollar Shave Club in 2 months, followed by a 66% increase in TV spend.

Read Case Study 





 

49%
ROI increase gained by Wine Enthusiast, just by cutting unprofitable affiliate spending.

Read Case Study 











Latest Blog Posts

TEG Talks, Episode 3 | Multi-touch Attribution: How It Works & Why It Will Disrupt Media Buying


Marketing news roundup: Are you ready for data analytics?


Marketing news roundup: Cross-channel marketing


Spending Ad Dollars on Coupon Sites? Here’s What You Need to Know.


Marketing news roundup: This week in mobile advertising



LinksTerms of use
Privacy Policy
 





















