 


CPA Affiliate Marketing Network - CPAlead.com





















































 Get Started
 Login
































Home
About
Publishers
Advertisers
Offers
Rewards
FAQ
Charity
Blog
Contact



















#1 CPA NETWORK

IN ALL VERTICALS



 Dating 









 Health & Beauty 









 Mobile Apps 









 Insurance 









 Email & Zip Submits 









 Financial 








 See Our Offers




IMAGINE
MORE




 T-Shirts, Trophies, iPads, and more! 





 4,000+ Mobile and Web Offers 





 7 Payment Options 





 $15 Minimum Cashout 





 CPAlead InstaPay 



 See Rewards





















#1 CPA Affiliate Marketing Network



 Get Started























Dating Offers

                                 Friend Locator, Love Chance Meter, Flirtfair and more.
                                 
See Our Dating Offers















Health and Beauty Offers

                                 Garcinia, Ab Rocket, Acai, Teeth Whitening and more.
                                 
See Our Health and Beauty Offers















Mobile Offers

                                 App installs including Game of War, Body Age Calculator, and more.
                                 
See Our Mobile Offers

















Insurance Offers

                                 Car, Health, and Home Insurance. We cover all insurance verticals.
                                 
See Our Insurance Offers















Email Submit Offers

                                 The top Email and Zip submits that convert on the first page.
                                 
See Our Email and Zip Submits















Financial Offers

                                 Credit Card Signups, Personal and Student Loan Finders and more.
                                 
See Our Financial Offers














A little history about CPAlead.com


                                 CPAlead is a unique Affiliate Marketing platform that was established in 2006. CPAlead is very well known within the affiliate marketing space for having pioneered the incentive, CPA network, space and the Content Locking tool. Today, online incentive marketing is a multi-billion dollar industry and Content Locking serves as the backbone for many businesses around the world.
                              

                                 Over the years, CPAlead has grown into an wide reaching affiliate marketing platform which caters to affiliates who focus on a variety of different campaigns and programs such as lead generation, revenue sharing programs, traditional CPA, online shopping, gaming offers, mobile app offers and more – while the Content Locking and incentive based division at CPAlead has been rebranded to ContentLocking.com.  Read more



 Sign up
















Publisher Video Gallery
















































From the Forums









                                                      I will vouch for cpalead. Made about 30k with them in the past and now get weekly payments from them. Glad they brought the chatroom back as well :)
                                                   





 CPAElites Forum
                                                      








                                                      Awesome ! CPALead is really great and I suggest anyone who hasn't tryed them yet to do it because since I moved (1 week+) I got MUCH better results with the same traffic !
                                                   





 CPAElites Forum
                                                      








                                                      Today, I made more than ever. I don't think it gets any better than that! The conversion rates and payouts are unbeatable. I will definitely switch all my traffic over.
                                                   





 CPAElites Forum
                                                      








                                                      One of the best networks ever! Will never leave it in my lifetime :P
                                                   





 CPAHero.com Forum









                                                      CPAlead is the best CPA network for me, payments always on time, flexible payment schedule, great offers, nice content lockers, a lot of payment methods, great support... 
                                                   





 CPAHero.com Forum









                                                      For the record, I've been with Cpalead for 6 years and they've NEVER missed a payment...ever. They pay on time, have great looking, customizable content lockers and prompt support. Plus now they have cool points rewards too.
                                                   





 CPAHero.com Forum































Top Payouts

                                 CPAlead has been an Affiliate Network for over 9 years. Our time and experience have provided us with a unique opportunity to secure industry leading payout rates from premier mobile and desktop advertisers from around the world.
                              
Read More 














CPA Lead Verticals

                                 We have the top offers in all major verticals including Mobile Apps, Health and Beauty, Auto Insurance, Debt Consolidation, Mortgage Products, Health Insurance, and more. If we don't have the offer you're looking for, we'll get it for you at a better payout.
                              
Read More 














Fun Rewards

                                 No other Affiliate Marketing Network provides you with rewards like CPAlead. Receive bonus points as you earn and redeem rewards such as T-shirts, Trophies, Medals, and more! As a bonus, we also offer Affiliates a daily lotto ticket that gives them a chance to win more!
                              
Read More 













CPA Affiliate Marketing
Built based on the feedback of our affiliates, we have designed an intuitive, cutting edge, dashboard with advanced tools that cannot be found or matched by any other affiliate network.Sign Up



















Your Style

                                                Customize Your Dashboard
                                             










Offer Screenshots

                                                Know What You're Promoting
                                             










Filter Offers

                                                Easily Find Offers You Need
                                             












Get Points

                                                Unlock Merchandise and Rewards
                                             










Live Graphs

                                                Watch Your Stats Live
                                             










Flexiable Graphs

                                                See The Stats You Need
                                             


















Get to Know the CPAlead Team





Peter Tarr
Chief Executive Officer





Justin Lamb
Senior Affiliate Manager





Adam Patek
Advertising Account Manager





Mellisa Lim
Advertising Account Manager





Milind Gupta
Business Development Manager





Omar Latif
Business Account Manager

















CPA Network Awards
As a premier Affiliate Marketing network, CPAlead has received numerous awards which include the NPGA's 2012 international "Hottest Company Of The Year" award and recognition from Inc. 500 as one of America's top 50 companies.




Charity
Our CPA Affiliate Marketers have given over 3,800 business loans to business owners in over 85 countries on behalf of our CPA Network.
Learn More


Contact Us
Questions about CPA Affiliate Marketing?




Address:
                        7251 W. Lake Mead Blvd
                        Suite 300
                        Las Vegas, NV 89128
                     



Phone: (800) 447-7307



Email: 




Affiliate Networks
The top CPAlead affiliate networks.

CPAlead.com
Contentlocking.com
Getfiles.co
Gotlinks.co


Additional Resources
Top 4,000 CPA Offers


Twitter Stream



Flickr Photostream
More Affiliate Marketing Photos










 © Copyright 2015 by CPAlead, LLC. View our TOS and Privacy Policy. 









































