



The Hosting Platform of Choice | cPanel, Inc.






































Products


Plans & Pricing


Partners


Support


Resources


Take A Peek








THE HOSTING PLATFORM OF CHOICE
The web hosting industry's most reliable, intuitive control panel since 1997. With our first-class support and rich feature set, it's easy to see why our customers and partners make cPanel & WHM their hosting platform of choice.


Try It Out


Buy Now







Grow Your Business with cPanel & WHM









Built for Everyone

It doesn't matter if you're a boutique web shop, a corporation, or just a freelance techie, anyone can use cPanel & WHM, along with their virtual private or dedicated servers, to offer hosting to customers.



An Ecosystem

The cPanel & WHM ecosystem spans hundreds of developers, thousands of hosting providers, and millions of domains around the world, powered by a two-pronged web hosting and automation dashboard. cPanel is not just a tool, it's software that empowers an industry.






Cutting Costs & Saving Time
For hosting providers and corporations, WHM means saving money on labor and minimizing system administrator workload. For small businesses and website owners, cPanel means dedicating your energy to company growth.



Never Go It Alone
Our dedicated support team is always available to make sure hosting is not an issue for your business. We work hard to resolve issues quickly and efficiently.






So Many Reasons to Choose cPanel

Learn About cPanel & WHM Features








Dependability
A control panel that has stood the test of time.



Unbeatable Support
A support team that always has your back.







Ease-of-Use
An interface with navigation that feels like second nature.



Quality Features
A large selection of relevant perks.



Free Migration
A no-hassle upgrade from a number of other control panels.







Trusted by Web Hosting MVPs Around the World











Learn More About Our Partner Program









Get in Touch

We're a team of do-gooders and web professionals looking to make the world of hosting a better place. Reach out to us and find out how we can help your business.





Tech Support
Live Sales Chat
Contact











Thanks  @cPanel support really blew the lid off their product today. SO Great!
                       – Cricket Updates 


And this my friends is why  @cPanel  will always be my control panel of choice, check out their  @cPanel support
                   – Hassan 


Can't thank you enough for all the hard work today, thanks  @cPanel support, you deserve it!!!!
                   – Syed Mazhar









Company
About Us
Our Leadership
Giving Back
Contact
Become a Partner
Careers


Products
cPanel Features
WHM Features
CloudLinux Features
cPanel & WHM Demo
cPanel & WHM Trial
Plans & Pricing


Support
Documentation Search
Live Sales Chat
Crowd-Sourced Solutions
Technical Support


Resources


Documentation
Knowledge Base
Releases
Security TSRs & CVEs
License Verification


Forums
News
Blog
Partner NOC Directory
Feature Requests


Application Catalog
cPU Certification
cPanel Conference
cPanel Brand Guide
cPanel Brand Guide










Be the first to know about software releases and important cPanel news



Join Mailing List






© 2015 All Rights Reserved / Legal Notices / Privacy Policy













cPanel, WebHost Manager and WHM are registered trademarks of cPanel, Inc. for providing its computer software that facilitates the management and configuration of Internet web servers.




 











