 






Crimtan: The Dynamic Marketing Company































































Search for:






London
Dubai
Sydney
Moscow
Offices










Ireland
Latvia


Czech
Slovakia


Bulgaria
Hungary


Romania
Poland




































Home
Dynamic
Services
Clients
People
Newsroom
Company
Privacy
Cookie Info
Opt Out
Advertising Terms & Conditions
Creative Specifications
 











 















The Dynamic Marketing Company
		

Crimtan is the dynamic marketing company that makes brands distinctiveand compelling to consumers across all digital media platforms
		










Distinctive & Compelling
		

We deliver distinctive messages and target potential customersaccurately and efficiently to raise brand awareness and drive sales
		










Transforming & Powerful
		

We transform data from digital devices into powerful unique insights to target new customers and generate incremental sales
		










Scale & Expertise
		

In sectors from travel to retail, entertainment to finance, we have the people, scale and expertise to deliver
		


 
































 


Dynamic
Consumers












 


Distinctive
Products












 


Proven
Results























 



 REAL-TIME
ROBUST
INSIGHTS

















 



 INNOVATIVE
FLEXIBLE
RELEVANT

























 



 SKILLED
KNOWLEDGABLEExpert, hands-on knowledge of the latest digital marketing tools and strategies is used to design audiences to target, build dynamic creative, optimise performance and analyse campaign data
ANALYSIS



















 

Data

 

Dynamic consumer data is the fuel that drives our products. Crimtan collects onsite and offsite real-time user data from any digital device to build detailed, anonymous user profiles.

We use these to target consumers and optimise campaigns that deliver the best results for advertisers.

Crimtan provides data transparency before, during and after a campaign. Our data planning tool, Architect™, offers pre-campaign insights and, once your campaign is up-and-running, our Dashboard gives real-time access to unique reports.

















 

Technology

 

To get the best campaign results, you need specialist technology that can collect and organise masses of constantly changing consumer data in real-time.

Designed to help agencies exceed the demanding goals set by advertisers, Crimtan’s proprietary technology, RAMP360™, manages user data and delivers campaigns across all devices.

Custom built in the UK, our technology allows advertisers to plan dynamic, multi-screen campaigns that reach your customers wherever they are – at any stage in the customer journey.

















 

Expertise

 

Planning and executing dynamic programmatic campaigns that consistently beat expectations takes a team of traders and analysts with the right skills and experience.

To design audiences to target, build dynamic creative, optimise performance and analyse complex campaign data needs hands-on knowledge of the latest digital marketing tools and strategies.

Crimtan has the expertise to create and deliver the most challenging campaigns while providing valuable analysis and insights that inform and enlighten our clients.




























In the Press






Crimtan Enhances Platform with Digital Element’s NetAcuity Pulse
UK-based global advertising technology company takes geo-targeting to a new level...








Crimtan shortlisted for Digital Trading Award
Crimtan Shortlisted for Best Use of Creativity at The Drum's Digital Trading Awards...








Why Dynamic Prospecting is the future of Digital Marketing
Dynamic marketing can turn consumer data into actions to reveal new customers and grow business...






Crimtan Corporate Headquarters Crimtan 
33 Catherine Place 
London 
SW1E 6DY

020 7821 6864
info@crimtan.com
@crimtan
LinkedIn
 










The CompanyDynamic
Services
Clients
People
Newsroom
Company
 

Regional OfficesUnited Kingdom
Ireland
Australia
United Arab Emirates
Russia
Latvia
 

  Czech Republic
Slovakia
Poland
Hungary
Bulgaria
Romania
 

Useful LinksHome
Privacy
Cookie Info
Opt Out
Advertising Terms & Conditions
Creative Specifications
 
















This is a unique website which will require a more modern browser to work!
Please upgrade today!

























