



Cxense | Global data managment and personalization solutions




















































 






















































































    











KNOW WHAT PEOPLE WANT.


Control your data – increase your revenue
Cxense helps businesses understand, engage and monetize their audience.


WHAT WE OFFER
Site personalizationTailor your site for every
single site visitor to drive higher engagement and sales
conversions.

Data Management Platform (DMP)Gather, segment and act on user data to
increase user engagement across your
site and multi-channel marketing campaigns.

Audience insightGet real-time insight into how users engage with your sites and mobile apps so you can improve your site’s performance.

Content recommendationsContent and product recommendations that
match individual user interests to drive
engagement and conversions.

Targeted advertisingUse audience data to target
advertising to increase the value of
every impression served.

Increased conversionsFind out which users are most likely to buy specific products. Create high-value segments and deliver targeted promotions to increase conversions.

Maria Ressa, CEO and Executive Editor, Rappler  “In the first few months we have seen an increase of three times the click-through rates.”Taku Nishimura, Vice President, DMM.com “We successfully improved CTR because the Cxense service enables us to approach each user with information depending on their interest and intent.”Eric Bright, Vice President of Marketplace Commerce at DDM “We needed to invest in technologies that leverage the unique characteristics of each business model and enhance them to create a holistic solution across all of our products – and we’ve found such a solution with Cxense.”Bård Espen Hansen, Editorial Manager, TV2 Norway “With Cxense, we can collect and understand much more of the information gathered, and more importantly, act upon it instantly. This is something we have only found with Cxense.”

WE ALSO WORK WITH

LATEST NEWS
Nikkei BP signs deal with Cxense06/26/2015Oslo, Norway - 26 June, 2015 - Nikkei Business Publications,…Leading Japanese news publisher Mainichi Shimbun signs with Cxense06/25/2015Oslo, Norway - 25 June, 2015 - Mainichi Shimbun, one of  Japan's…Publishers giving away their knowledge, says Paton06/25/2015No prizes for recognising the "black hole" John Paton says is…How Winnipeg Free Press increased reader engagement by 60% through personalization06/24/2015Learn how the Cxense customer Winnipeg Free Press got more readers, better engagement and more resources to produce content.

TRY IT!Use Cxense Insight for 30 days, for free!





Signup (frontpage)






E-mail
        




Company
        




Website
        















Try Cxense Insight   free for 30 days



Signup (popup)






Email
        




Company
        




Website URL
        















  






































