




Smart Data Driven Marketing

























































 Live Chat











 





Menu 





OptimaHub Advanced Customer Analytics


Find Out More 










Datalicious is a global big data analytics agency providing client-focused full-service marketing solutions and products. Founded with the aim of creating a 360 data agency, Datalicious offers a wide range of data, insights and action services designed to help marketing teams implement best practice data strategy and widen the conversion funnel with smart data driven marketing.










  OptimaHub SingleView

Multi-channel customer analytics and marketing automation in one central platform to tear down data silos and supercharge your team’s capabilities.
Get a Demo













  OptimaHub MediaAttribution

Understand how each touch point impacts sales to optimize media budgets and deliver experiences based on a deep understanding of how your customers actually behave.
Get a Demo













  World's largest attribution study

Datalicious answers the key question all advertisers face — how to allocate media budgets across channels to maximise overall return on advertising spend (ROAS) with a limited budget
Download Now









We work with global brands

























 



Our customers love what we do




Datalicious have been intimately involved in building our analytics solution. Most importantly their knowledge of best practice combined with innovative solutions has allowed our business to remain nimble and current. They are also nice guys.
Tzvi Balbin Group Digital Marketing Lead, Catch of the Day






Datalicious are helping us to move from a last click campaign measurement model to a more accurate media attribution approach. [...] potential to significantly change our media planning [...]. Highly recommended.
Keith Mergis Senior Digital & Social Media Marketing Manager, Telstra






Thanks to the Datalicious team for the endurance you’ve all shown to date which has delivered a fantastic outcome […] getting the code implemented with quality and delivered on time […] provided us with advice around the new implementation and testing. Great team work all around. Well done!
Seth Wibisono Web Channel Manager, Bupa






The Datalicious guys are great to work along side […] ‘no stone unturned’ approach to finding solutions to challenges […] knowledge and passion for web analytics and best of breed web optimization was second to none.
Steve Brown Senior Business Analyst, Vodafone



















Want to learn more?  Ask us a question today


































 Send Your Message
 



Company




About Datalicious
Careers
Clients
Partners






Support
Blog
Contact




Products


SuperTag
OptimaHub
DataCollector
DataExchange




Services


Data Services
Insights Services
Action Services
Google Analytics Premium



 






 























 
Privacy
Opt-Out
ABN 92 150 970 835 






















