








Digilant | Driving Programmatic Innovation














































Solutions
About Digilant
Our Team
News + Media Insights
Our Locations
Contact Us
Careers
 





























  









Driving Programmatic Innovation
As a Global Programmatic Pioneer and Innovator, Digilant partners with the world’s leading agencies and brands to provide customized and scalable digital media solutions.
LEARN MORE ABOUT DIGILANT












PROGRAMMATIC STRATEGIES DESIGNED FOR YOUR BUSINESS
As pioneers in programmatic technology we combine experience and innovation to go beyond automated media buying. We partner with you to customize a digital media solution that seamlessly plugs into the programmatic ecosystem. Our integrated end-to-end Data Management Platform (DMP) and Demand Side Platform (DSP) allow you to integrate your own data along with 2nd and 3rd party data sources to manage your global media buys across desktop, video, mobile and social.  From detailed campaign insights and an experienced account team, you can design smarter, more efficient campaigns.





MEDIAGlobal access to all major exchanges, supply side platforms (SSPs) and premium inventory as well as customized solutions for an optimized media buy.


DATAOur Data Management Platform (DMP) can integrate your 1st Party Data with traditional 3rd party data sources for smarter targeting and buying.


SERVICEYour dedicated account team delivers unique audience data that will give you insights into future marketing strategies.

WHITEPAPER: Addressing 4 Key Issues for Successful Programmatic Ad Buying










“Digilant’s Page Index product has worked tremendously well for us, having the ability to truly scale such a customized site list for our clients is valuable … In today’s targeted media environment, relevance is what ultimately sets our clients apart.”Claire Bishop, SVP, Integrated Media Strategy for MMGY Global.

 










ABOUT US

 


Digilant was founded by the Rodés Family through their family office of Inversiones y Servicios Publicitarios (ISP) and continues to be fully owned by them. While still part of Havas, the Adnetik team designed and developed the first Trading Desk and the first Data Management Platform (DMP) in the industry. Adnetik separated from Havas in 2009 and became Digilant in 2012. The original founders, Don Epperson and Fernando Rodés, are still with Digilant.
Today Digilant continues to be an innovator in the programmatic space, partnering with the world’s leading agencies and brands to provide customized and scalable programmatic media solutions, powered by insightful and actionable data science.











OUR TEAM
The Digilant executive team combines decades of experience in Digital Advertising with world-class data science knowledge.

 





Don Epperson
 




Miguel Prieto
 




Krishna Boppana
 




David Stein
 





Ester Pascual
 




Kim Riedell
 




Pedro Robert
 




Mauricio Vázquez
 





Sanjay Pothen
 




Rafael Martínez de Lucas
 




Florence Malaud-Pommeret
 




Patrick Robson
 





Israel Granados
 




Eduardo Arevalo
 




Alexis Reategui
 









NEWS + INSIGHTS


  






Digilant Opens New Boston Office Amid Major Company Expansion


Programmatic Advertising Leader Expands Presence to Accommodate Increasing Client Demand and Product Development
Boston – June 17, 2015 – Digilant, a leading global programmatic media company that partners with agencies and brands to…


2 weeks ago - kmoked 


 googlePlus=["true"]				  			    		











Digilant Launches Consumer Persona Data Solution for Pinpointing New Audiences Programmatically


Innovative, Dynamic Offering Identifies Unique Insights to Improve Customer Targeting & Campaign ROI 
Boston – June 16, 2015 – Digilant, a leading global programmatic media company that partners with the world’s leading agencies and…


2 weeks ago - kmoked 


 googlePlus=["true"]				  			    		











Digilant Consumer Persona – Programmatic Data Product: What is it?


Consumer Persona Data Solution Allows You To Visualize Your Data And To Use The Insights For Targeting
 
“In working with advertisers around the world, we saw that more times than not they have targeted audiences based on traditional,…


2 weeks ago - kmoked 


 googlePlus=["true"]				  			    		

















Download the Digilant + MIT Technology Review Whitepaper: Addressing Four Key Issues for Successful Programmatic Ad Buying


Read about 4 key issues confronting today’s programmatic advertising landscape in a research paper written with MIT Technology Review Custom



February 10, 2015 – digilant












 










Every campaign and brand is different and so is our approach.












Digilant is the “paid” arm of ispDigital.  ispDigital is a technology-based marketing services holding company driving innovation and solutions at the intersection of “earned,” “owned,”and paid”media. Together Acceso (“earned”), Antevenio (“owned”), and  Digilant (“paid”) provide cross channel and cross device, closed loop marketing solutions.


 










The Future of Closed-Loop Programmatic


 



Don Epperson
 




Miguel Prieto
 




David Rodés
 




Juan Rodés
 







OUR LOCATIONS
Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Digilant has offices in Bogota, Madrid, Mexico City, Sao Paulo, and across the U.S.

  








Get IN TOUCH
Are you looking for a strategic media partner? Do you want to stay updated on the latest news + media insights? We want to hear from you!

 








































TELEPHONE+1 (844) 344 4526


GLOBAL HEADQUARTERS2 Oliver Street suite #901 Boston, MA 02109


E-MAILinfo@digilant.com













 


Copyright © 2015 Digilant, All rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Collection and Use of Information











 

















