



DirectSpace Networks | Dedicated Servers, Virtual, and Colocation Services, Portland, Oregon
























 



 

 Data Services


Dedicated Servers
 All Dedicated Services 


Virtualization
 OpenVZ SSD Series 
 KVM SSD Series 


Colocation
 All Colocation Services 
 Our Network 



 Company


 Company Info 
 Our Network 
 View SLA 
 View AUP 



 Support[24]


 Submit Ticket 
 Knowledgebase 
 Account Login 



ePortal 




 


  


  




 1.888.DSN.HOST















 Lightning Fast SSD VPS Hosting 
 KVM based SSD virtual servers. Windows & Linux Available. 

More Info






























Monster Network
Access to 120Gb/s network to satisfy even the most bandwidth intensive users. Our routes are optimized for fast speed and low latency.

Test our Network















 Dedicated

 Starting At $49 Per Month
 1Gb Uplink. 10Gb Available 
 Same Day Setup Time








Virtual

 Starting At $4 per month
 All SSD Storage
 Unmetered Bandwidth







Colocation

 Starting At $69 Per Month
 Full 1/10Gb Uplinks
 24/7 Data Center Access










Intuitive VM Control Panel...
Have access to tons of neat administration features such as reboot, stop, and reverse DNS updates. Also, reinstalling your OS has never been quicker. Simply choose an OS from our repository of templates and click re-install. It’s that easy! 

More Features
















Portland, Oregon Data Center
Download 100MB Test File




Los Angeles, California Data Center
Download 100MB Test File




Hyper Network...
DirectSpace is committed to providing customers with a superior and blazing fast network. We understand that every second of downtime is a chance at lost revenue or even a chance at getting a bad reputation. With that in mind, we’ve implemented a network with speed and reliability as our primary goal. To emphasis this, we’ve introduced an aggressive Service Level Agreement (SLA) to back our words up.
Network Features








Support[24] 
Committed to making sure your support requests are taken care of immediately, we’ve implemented our Service Level Agreement (SLA). We guarantee our ticket support replies in quick time, no waiting while dialing into phone support, and most of all, we have staff on hand 24.7.365.
Submit Ticket!














DirectSpace is dedicated to providing customers with a fast, reliable and affordable hosting Environment. 

© 2015 DirectSpace Networks LLC. All Rights Reserved.



links 

Company
Dedicated Servers
OpenVZ SSD Series
KVM SSD Series
Colocation
Network
Support



SocialPoint 

























×
Create a New Account





Name





Email








Create New Account



