









Discourse









About
FAQ
Blog
Try It
Buy It
Meta
 Fork Us













Civilized Discussion








Try Discourse!


sign up for a hosting plan or install yourself












Your browser does not support the video tag.


Conversations, not pages
Why break conversations into awkward and arbitrary pages, where you have to constantly find the Next Page button?
We've replaced all that with the power of just-in-time loading. Want to read more? Keep scrolling down.








Your browser does not support the video tag.


Dynamic notifications

When someone quotes your post, we’ll notify you. When someone mentions your @name, we’ll notify you. When someone replies to your post… well, you get the idea.


And if you're not around, we’ll email you, too.









Your browser does not support the video tag.
 
Simple, but with context

Discourse is a simple, flat forum, where replies flow down the page in a line.


Expand context at the bottom and top of each post – even quotes – to reveal the full conversation without losing your place.






Born mobile, born to touch

Discourse was designed for high resolution touch devices, with a built in mobile layout.


Read or post from your laptop, tablet, and phone without constantly being told this site has an app, do you want it?






Links automatically expand

Want to share a cool link you found? Just paste it in on a single line and we’ll make it awesome.

Links to Wikipedia, YouTube, Amazon, GitHub, Twitter, Flickr and hundreds of other popular websites automatically expand to provide additional context and information.







Your browser does not support the video tag.
 






Reply while you read

Type your reply while you continue to read, altering your reply and adding new quotes from others as you explore the topic! You can jump around to completely different topics, too.


We’ll save your spot – and your response – even if you finish on a different device.







Your browser does not support the video tag.
 


Reply as a linked topic

You don’t want to interrupt this conversation, but a post just reminded you of a related topic you'd like to share.


No problem! Use "Reply as linked topic" to start a related conversation – and both topics will be visibly connected together.










Simple metrics

There’s nothing sadder than an unclicked link. That’s why every link posted in Discourse shows a live click count.


We also track incoming links, so if a post you made becomes super popular, you'll know why.






Real time updates

If a topic changes while you are reading or responding to it, or new replies arrive, it will update automatically.

As new topics arrive, they also appear at the top of the list.






Your browser does not support the video tag.
 







Remembers your place
Topics that you read for a while, replied to, or created will be automatically tracked for you. Don’t worry about reading an entire topic in one sitting – we’ll always save your place. 



Log in with … anything

Use your Twitter, Facebook, Google, Yahoo, or GitHub credentials to log in. Or set up single sign-on with your existing website.




Paste to share images

Want to share an image? Just copy and paste. Or drag and drop! Posting LOLCats has never been this easy.




Search that actually works

Search from any page – just start typing and get results instantly as you type. Advanced search options for power users, too.




Community moderation

As users participate by reading and posting, they gain trust – and powerful abilities to help maintain the community and push out trolls and spammers.




Bring your friends

Once you’re trusted, invite your friends via email to reply your topic with a single click. Staff can easily invite entire groups of people by uploading email addresses.






Your data belongs to you

Our default discussion license is Creative Commons. Import or export all your data, right from your browser, any time. And everyone can export their posts right from their own user page.






Comprehensive API

Discourse is a JavaScript application that runs in your browser, built on public APIs. Our large open source community provides plugins, samples, and examples.







Try Discourse!




 About | FAQ | Blog | Try It | Buy It | Meta | @discourse

Content is by-nc-sa, Discourse logo and “Discourse Forum” ®, Civilized Discourse Construction Kit, Inc.
Privacy Information
Built with love, Internet style




