

Domain name service and DNS services - Easy DNS hosting with DNSimple - DNSimple




































Home
Pricing
Support
Login
Get Started
 
















Worry-free DNS.
You're tired of complicated domain management. You're tired of constantly being bombarded with up-selling.
You want to register a domain and set it up with as little effort as possible. You want to be able to automate everything, so you can set it and forget it.
We know. We've figured out the hard parts of domain management, so you don't have to worry about them.

Get Started with DNSimple Today
30 day free trial. We won't charge you until the trial ends.











Domain registration
Register domains without hassle, and set up services like Google Apps or Heroku with one click.







SSL certificates
Purchase SSL certificates straight from your domain management page and get instructions on how to install it on several different platforms.







Privacy protection
Protect your contact information in WHOIS by using our proxy.







Pricing
Our plans start at $5/month. Register .com for $14, .me for $24, and .co.uk for $8. See our full price list.







iPhone app & API
Manage your domains and domain name service from anywhere with our iPhone app or automate what you do with your domains via our API.







Knowledgeable Support
If it's not right, we'll do our best to fix it. Email us at support@dnsimple.com.








Don't take our word for it
We have thousands of happy customers, and take pride in doing what's best for them. Here's just a few:



“Without a doubt, DNSimple is the best domain registrar there is.”
Tommy Palmer




“Great service with great prices.”
Andrew Stone




“I cannot tell you how great DNSimple really is … this rocks!”
Richard Bennett








DNS in one click.
As easy as it sounds. We support all of these services and more:















Get Started with DNSimple Today
30 day free trial. We won't charge you until the trial ends.






A free, handy checklist to transfer domains without downtime.

We know you count on your domain to be up without interruption – and transferring it to another provider can be scary. Armed with this checklist – and our years of expertise – we can make the process so seamless, you and your customers won’t notice.
And if you need more assistance, our support is always here to help you.


Get the zero downtime checklist




Don't Lose Business! Learn how to switch your domain with zero downtime.







Top DNS services
Take advantage of our great Anycast domain name service with name servers distributed across the globe. Distribution of DNS services provides faster responses globally and increased reliability. Give us a try for a streamlined experience with your domain.


Use custom records
In addition to offering powerful DNS hosting, we also provide access to our innovative ALIAS, URL, and POOL records. Customers depend on these records to provide easier management of their domains and simplified integration with many services.




Made by real people
DNSimple is operated by small team of developers, not a giant faceless corporation. If you ask us for help, your questions will go to a real person – and they'll be turned around as quickly as possible, usually within 24 hours.


Join us today
Spend less time managing your domains, so you can get back to what really matters. Find out that DNS services don't have to be complicated and join DNSimple today. Our plans begin at $5/month.



Get Started with DNSimple today
30 day free trial. We won't charge you until the trial ends.











          Status
          Loading status...

Documentation
Contact
Concierge






Company
About us
Blog
Newsletter
Plans & Pricing
Policies & Agreements


Service
API
Whois search


Get in touch
Contact us
Twitter
Facebook


Latest from the blog
Loading...
Subscribe to the newsletter
























X
Keyboard Shortcuts





j - Select next
k - Select previous
J - Select last
K - Select first
n - Next page
b or p - Previous page
s - Manage domain services
e - Jump to the record editor
m or return - Go to domain page
ctrl+n - Add a new domain
S or / - Focus on domain search
F - Focus on domain filter




? - Toggle this help dialog
g then d - Go to your domain list
g then c - Go to your contact list
g then t - Go to your template list
g then a - Go to your account details
g then s - Go to the support site












