

DynAdmic - Take a deep dive into targeting






































































EXPERIENCE AWESOMEDIGITAL VIDEO ADVERTISING
BE A SUCCESSFULMEDIA BUYER
SURPRISE YOURMANAGEMENT

FIND OUT HOW





Take a deep dive into targeting






Be relevant














Be safe





Be loved















OUR OFFERINGS





Tailored & highly-focused branding campaigns

						We use our exclusive real time contextual/targeting solution to sell highly targetable premium video ad space to the world’s largest brands and agencies.
					

						Irrelevance is one of the main reasons video ads get skipped. By placing your preroll before relevant content, you are sure to engage consumers at the right stage in their day. See how it works.
					

						DynAdmic aggregates premium and specific video ad placements across almost all video ad networks and ad exchanges including Top 500 websites or Apps. Now brands can easily reach niches a scale.
					














Leverage
celebrities
web presence


Associate your
brand to specific
events


Target niches
with specific
keywords





















Extreme brand protection

						How do marketers measure 'quality' with video?
					

						Advertisers tend to rely on a combination of video-specific metrics. These metrics, however, are not enough. Preventing ad collision with inappropriate content is another important dimension.
					

						Our brand safety solution gives greater control over where the ads are running, by going beyond URLs and pages to make sure the video content itself is brand-safe too. 
						Fear no more. DynAdmic prevents your campaigns from being displayed next to harmful written and video content.
					













Best in class KPIs

						DynAdmic allows you to use video advertising with no fear about quality, confidence, viewability and accuracy. As a result, our clients increase their campaigns performance.
					

						Using an intuitive web dashboard, our customers are able to get a real-time understanding of the efficiency of their campaigns using relevant video-specific metrics and making the media transparent.
					













Want to have more fun?

						We have many more targeting options such as Weather Targeting, TV Sync (launches your pre-roll online whenever your ad appears on TV), Retargeting, Language spoken in the video, Geolocation, and much more.
					

						If you can't find what you are looking for, contact us, we are passionate, committed digital video advertising experts with a powerful technology.
					
























OUR CAMPAIGNS

				More than 1000 campaigns in 17 countries.			






OUR CLIENTS
Our non-exhaustive and constantly increasing list of clients.



All




Auto


Bank


Beauty


Clothes


Entertainment


Government


Food





















































































































































































































 

 

 

 



 

OUR PEOPLE
40 dedicated individuals working for you.

 



 

 

 

 







TECHNOLOGY
Without data you are blind and deaf and in the middle of a highway.

How we push relevant pre-rolls to online video viewers.
















































































INSIGHTS

Two journals into the brains and life of DynAdmic.Pick yours.





OUR BLOG

DynAdmic's Blog

News, market insights, infographics, events and much more.
Go!









THE LAB

The Lab

Developers welcome! Interested in knowing the details of our technology?
Yes, I am













Subscribe to our infrequent Newsletter








Subscribe






CONTACT US




					 
										



US & Canada office

							747 Third Avenue2nd Floor New York 10017, New York 

							lionel[at]dynadmic.com
							phone: +1 646 722 2618						





					 
										



Publisher contact

							vbaud[at]dynadmic.com
							phone: +33 4 83 88 10 35						







					 
										



European office

							Parc de Haute Technologie, 694-732Avenue du Dr. Donat, Bat. 306250 Mougins 

							celine[at]dynadmic.com
							phone: +33 4 83 88 10 36						





					 
										



Press contact

							kamilia[at]dynadmic.com
							phone: +1 646 722 2620						







					 
										



South American office

							Rua Wisard, 273 – Sala 105434-080, São Paulo, SP 

							lara[at]dynadmic.com
							phone: +55 (11) 94135-2008						







Subscribe to our infrequent Newsletter








Subscribe









				OR LET US
				CONTACT YOU
			








You need to fill the form.



















 


 


 











Submit









CAREER

Want to join us in our journey to bettervideo advertising?





Sales Representative, New York - US
Account Manager, Mougins - France
Senior Developer, Limoges - France
Head of Traffic, São Paulo - Brazil








“Team work is the fuel that allows common people to obtain uncommon results”




























CONTACT US














OR LET US CONTACT YOU



You need to fill the form.




















SUBMIT






















 


