



















E-junkie Shopping Cart for selling downloads & tangible goods







































about . contact
							 
								. developer directory
								. resources
							 
							. interact
							. resell e-junkie





home . 
							login . register . 
							pricing . 
							features . 
							help . 
							client list . 
							test our service
New E-junkie Admin goes live next month! Read the Announcement | Preview the new Admin




Documentation
Forums
Community Content
Marketplace
Affiliate Programs












How It Works



STEP ONE
    Register for an account & provide some basic information about your business & products.
»



STEP TWO
    Add Cart or Buy Now buttons to your site by copy-pasting our ready-made button code.
»



STEP THREE
    We'll handle the rest!
    Buyers place their orders & go through checkout to pay you directly.
»



STEP FOUR
    We verify payment & process the order for you (issue links, send emails, log order details).


Who We Are
E-junkie provides shopping cart and buy now buttons to let you sell downloads and tangible goods on your website or blog, eBay, Craigslist, social media such as Facebook, Google Plus or Myspace, and most other websites. We support checkouts using PayPal Payments Standard, PayPal Payments Advanced, PayPal Payments Pro, PayPal Payflow Pro, Authorize.Net, TrialPay, ClickBank and 2Checkout.
For merchants selling downloads, we automate and secure the digital delivery of files and codes. If you are selling tangible goods, we automate the shipping calculation and inventory management. Our shopping cart has a built in sales tax, VAT, packaging and shipping cost calculator.
You can sell ebooks, sell mp3 tracks and albums, sell software, icons, fonts, artwork, phone cards, event tickets, cds, posters, books, t-shirts and almost everything else you want to sell.
E-junkie has no transaction limit, no bandwidth limit, no setup fee and no transaction fee. Our flat monthly subscription fee covers your full use of E-junkie to sell online for the month.



"Fat Free" Shopping Cart Pro
Lower your cart abandonment rate with our pop-up free, zero-installation shopping cart that works inside your site. details »



Payment Processors
E-junkie integrates with multiple payment services from different providers, so you can find the right checkout solution(s) for your business & customers. details »



Digital Storage & Delivery
Store & automatically deliver your files & codes. Buyers get secure product download immediately after a successful payment. details »



Affiliate Management
Create & manage affiliate programs to recruit online sales agents who will market your products for you to earn commissions. details »



Shipping & Packaging Calculator
Smart shipping & postage calculation based on total order weight, packaging & shipping destination. details »



Discount Management
Create & manage discounts, sale pricing, coupon codes & gift coupons. details »



Sales Tax & VAT Calculator
Customizable sales tax & VAT calculation based on your & buyer's location. details »



Package Deal Management
Bundle multiple products into a single package. A great way to offer combo deals. Ideal for musicians selling albums or EPs. details »



Inventory Management
Limit product availability by date or units in stock. Great for selling tangible goods, phone cards, event tickets & limited circulation articles. details »



Google Analytics Tracking
Our shopping cart is pre-integrated with Google Analytics including Ecommerce Tracking. details »


Additional Features: Customize your post-checkout thank-you pages & emails sent to buyers; unique download link issued to each buyer expires after the max. attempts/hours you specify; easily reactivate & resend expired links if needed; multiple currency & language support; supports Google AdWords tracking & other third-party tracking solutions; send free download links to issue promotional or complimentary copies; view & download your transaction log anytime; and more...
View full list of features & benefits here »
Where To Go Next

Start FREE 1 week trial now »
View getting started guide »
Clients & Testimonials »
Prices start at just $5/month »
See our cart in action »
Questions? Contact us! »












						about						 | 
						contact						 | 
						resell						 | 
						terms of service						 | 
						privacy policy						


						© 2015 Sine Info Ventures Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.					



						Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.						
						Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.					
























