


Anycast  DNS, Managed DNS, Nameserver Failover, DNS Integrations,  Domain Portfolio, Management, ICANN Accredited / CIRA Certified Domain Registrations – Power & Freedom
















































 






Domains & DNS
EMAIL
Web
Blog
Support
Renew
Members

Open Account








I would like to
---------------------------
Register
Transfer
Get DNS for







Click here to register this domain instead



            one domain per line, or comma-separated.
        








DNS & Domains
  
Web Hosting  
Email
 


DNS & Domains

  
Web Hosting
  
Email

 

 7 Tips To Never Lose Your Domain ... EVER!This report shows you the pitfalls you must avoid to stay in control of your domains.





Awesome!  The report is on its way.  Check your inbox. Given email address is already subscribed, thank you! Please provide a valid email address. Please complete the CAPTCHA. Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. 

Enterprise
15 per month



  24x7 Phone Support
  DNS Failover & Monitoring
  25 easyMAIL Accounts
  25 Anycast Nameservers
 
Learn More
DNS Pro
55 per year



  Domain Name
  DNS, URL & Mail Forwarding
  Failover DNS
  20 Anycast Nameservers
 
Learn More
DNS Hosting
35 per year



  Domain Name
  DNS & URL Forwarding
  3 easyMail boxes
  15 Anycast Nameservers
 
Learn More
Domain Plus
15 per year



  Domain Name
  DNS & URL Forwarding
  Mail Forwarding
  3 Unicast Nameservers
 
Learn More
Why Choose easyDNS?
Achieve Mega-Redundancy via:Hot Swappable Nameservers, DNS Failover, Multi-Provider Redundancy not to mention a clueful, vigorous Anti-Takedown Policy.
Instant Relief:When that impersonal, bureaucratic, 800lb gorilla ignores you or, worse, throws you under a bus, we will help you get back online in record time.
Clueful Support:Whether you’re a cutting edge coder or totally new to this web stuff, our support crew will help you get whatever it is you need to happen, done.
NSA-Free Zone:Non-US data storage (our mail servers are in Canada). No government back-doors. Court-order required for data handover.
(Sorry! No jargon, superbowl ads or celebrity spokesmodels.) 


Testimonials
I have managed my own mail server for my domain since 1993. I grew weary of the pain and uncertrainty of asking my ISP for DNS changes. It was always painful,uncertain and often mismanaged. Having switched to EasyDNS in 2002, that small but critical portion of my life has become painless and transparent.Patrick H, Santa Cruz CAProps to @easyDNS for standing up for the Rule of Law.Mark LeisereasyDNS is the best (domain, Dynamic DNS, Mail, DNS hosting) service provider, not only in Canada but in the world wide web. You can not find a better service than EasyDNS. EasyDNS is taking care of your business very carefully and they are available 24/7. EasyDNS Team are very friendly, the communication between customers and EasyDNS is efficient and secure. EasyDNS are a professional enterprise company.Aras KoyeeYour servers give good worldwide coverage, and I can almost always speak to someone when I need to. I have never stumped your tech support with a difficult question. You have always gone the extra mile, when necessary, to service my business needs — above and beyond the call of duty.GeofferyI use easyDNS to manage my dozen-odd domains. I have used it to register and manage domains for my employer and any friends who have asked for help registering their domains. easyDNS may not be the cheapest option, but when it comes to stability and service, I have never once been disappointed.Luke GHaving my DNS separate from the hosting services enabled me to avoid problems when my main hosting service went belly-up last year (they just disappeared). Luckily, I was already managing my DNS via EasyDNS. I quickly set up hosting on another service and pointed my domains there using EasyDNS - all done in a space of a few hours.John R., SpainSecure, simple, does exactly what I want it to. The full range of services match my needs well. I find your service uniquely useful for my situation of needing a low volume web presence with a minimum of cost.Paul T 
 










Latest Blog PostseasyMail difficultiesLe Programme d'Exactitude Whois ICANN (PEW)Andy Lehrer Victorious Against Tim Rourke & CausepimpseasyMail delaysEasyMAIL migration has mostly completed (UPDATED June 14 8:00 EST)
Latest Tweets






      Very disappointed with @awscloud Route 53 customer service for domain transfers. Not even close to the excellent support of @easyDNS
    

      by PaulAtMetacoda (Paul Homes) @ 2015-06-25 20:48:43
    






      Turns out @easyDNS is living up to their name (again) - enabling DNSSEC on my domain was surprisingly easy.
    

      by TonyYarusso (Tony Yarusso) @ 2015-06-22 20:19:26
    






      @brian_pearce also worth checking out are http://t.co/Dwx5e4GcZ3; they contribute to the open source community, too; and Canadian :)
    

      by LucaFilipozzi (Luca Filipozzi) @ 2015-06-08 00:16:04
    





Quick Links

Webmail LoginSystem / Network Status
Whois Lookup
Contact Us
Open Free Account
Privacy Policy
Our 100% Unconditional Guarantee
The 100% DNS Availability SLA
Terms of Service
Reverse DNS Signup
Click here to chat with one of our team


© Copyright 2015 Anycast  DNS, Managed DNS, Nameserver Failover, DNS Integrations,  Domain Portfolio, Management, ICANN Accredited / CIRA Certified Domain Registrations. All Rights Reserved.Domains & DNS
EMAIL
Web
Blog
Support
Renew






















