


Ember.js - A framework for creating ambitious web applications.













 

about
guides
api
community
blog
builds








Fork Us!



Post and find jobs on the Ember job board



  A framework for creating ambitious web applications.




1
2

npm install -g ember-cli
ember new my-app


 

More downloads



Follow @emberjs



        Follow on
        





More Productive Out of the Box.


Write dramatically less code with Ember's Handlebars integrated templates that update automatically when the underlying data changes.
  


Don't waste time making trivial choices. Ember.js incorporates common idioms so you can focus on what makes your app special, not reinventing the wheel.



Ember.js is built for productivity. Designed with developer ergonomics in mind, its friendly APIs help you get your job done—fast.






Auto-Updating Handlebars Templates
Ember makes Handlebars templates even better, by ensuring your HTML
    stays up-to-date when the underlying model changes. To get started, you
    don't even need to write any JavaScript.


Components
Experience the future of the web platform today with Ember's components.
    Components allow you to create your own application-specific HTML tags,
    using Handlebars to describe their markup and JavaScript to implement
    custom behavior.


Loading Data from a Server

      Ember.js eliminates the boilerplate of displaying JSON retrieved
      from your server. If you know how to use jQuery, you know how to
      fetch models in Ember.
    


Routing
Build JavaScript apps that don't break the web!
    Ember.js makes it downright simple to create sophisticated,
    multi-page JavaScript applications with great URL support, in a
    fraction of the code you'd write in other frameworks.



Who's Using Ember.js?


































































        Meet More Users
    



Buy Ember.js Gear and Support Development



























        Donate to the Project
    







          Copyright 2015 Tilde Inc.
Core Team | Sponsors
Security | Legal
Community Guidelines

Ember.js is free, open source and always will be.



















