


 Energy Group Network – egihosting.com
































Home
Support
Contact Us
中文




Customer Login






































































KVM – Virtual Servers Self-Managed KVM Virtual Server now Available! 
	- 1/2/4 Core Virtual Servers
        – 128/2048/4096MB Memory Options
        – RAID Hard Drive Storage
        – Instant Server Reboot
        – Root-Access / Self-Managed
        – Free OS Reinstalls










Get 3 months free on all dedicated servers! Don’t miss this month’s special to get 3 months free with every new dedicated server purchased and prepaid for 12 months. The special is available to new customers or existing customers who would like to add new servers to their account for a total of 15 months service.
Please contact our sales team for more information.










Stream hosting made easy Our stream hosting solutions offer quick, easy and affordable ways to publish your media on the web. Whether you need to stream a live event or upload on-demand content to the web, EGI can meet your specific needs. EGI offers servers in locations worldwide, an easy sign up procedure and a robust control panel backend to manage your streaming server.










SSAE-16 Colocation with EGIHosting House your servers in EGIHosting’s state-of-the art data centers and gain collocation peace of mind.  All of the EGI colocation facilities have been SSAE-16 or SAS70 TYPE II certified, providing an enterprise class environment for your colocated hardware with N+1 power setup and cooling environment.



















Virtual Servers

1/2/4 Core Virtual Servers
128/2048/4096MB Memory Options
RAID Hard Drive Storage
Instant Server Reboot
Root-Access / Self-Managed
Free OS Reinstalls

Learn More >
Dedicated Servers

i3/i5/i7 Servers
Core2Quad Servers
Dual Xeon Servers
Bargain Servers
Streaming Servers
VPN Servers
Virtualization Servers

Learn More >
Colocation

99.99% Uptime
Free IPs
Free Reboots
Free Basic Remote Hands
24x7x365 support
SSAE-16 Certified

Learn More >
Stream Hosting

Live & On-Demand Stream Hosting
SHOUTcast Streaming
Windows Media Streaming
Audio or Video Stream Hosting
Web Control Panel
Instant Activation
Multiple Server Locations
99.9% Uptime Guarantee
Streamhosting Packages Starting At Just $12.99/mo.

Learn More >
WHY CHOOSE EGIHOSTING?
EGIHOSTING.com was founded in 2003 to serve the unique needs of mission critical colocation, dedicated servers and stream hosting services. Our network and data centers continue to provide reliable and affordable bandwidth, servers and colocation space built to scale as well as speed and reliability.
All of EGI’s premium locations are SSAE16 TYPE II or SAS70 TYPE II certified with an N+1 power and cooling infrastructure in place, giving our customers the highest SLA standards on the market.
EGI’s network was designed with redundancy in mind, including a multi-homed setup of upstream providers like Global Crossing, nLayer, HE.NET and Highwinds. Our network has excellent direct connectivity to China and Asian networks and provides optimal routes to both domestic and other international destinations, including the often problematic and congested Chinese and Asian markets. Additionally, the BGP network solution insures customers with failover guarantee; in the case that one of our upstream providers goes down, the EGI network will automatically re-route all traffic through our other providers.
The EGI stream hosting services provide a quick and easy way to deliver media content on the web. Supporting both SHOUTcast and Windows Media Streaming with near instant activation, our customers are able to stream their content on the web quickly and easily. Backed by a robust dedicated server system and multiple locations, top notch network setup and certified experienced technicians, EGI customers are able to enjoy one of the most reliable stream hosting services on the web today.
Our dedicated and streaming servers are custom built from top of the line hardware and are backed up by our award winning support service, which is available to all customers via phone, email or live chat.

Having dealt with many different datacenters and hosting providers in the past, all I can say is EGIHosting is what you are looking for. Their support is quick and always professional and their network infrastructure has not let us down yet.–Andrew, Pleasanton, CA
I would recommend EGI Hosting to all IT professions searching for 100% up-time and the kindness of the friends of EGI.  Best decision, best results!!!–Emilio,  La Paz, Bolivia
EGI have been a very reliable and stable partner in our streaming operations for several years. We place great demands on uptime, customer service and response times. EGI have always been able to meet our expectations. I can highly recommend EGI.–Robin, Stockholm, Sweden
Since moving our stream to EGI, not only has our listener based tripled, but our stream has NEVER gone down.  24/7 technical support, a reasonable price structure, and never down?  I’ll take it.–Tom, Enfield CT
With their superb support staff & network, Egihosting allows us to focus on generating new sales, not when our next downtime will be.–Francisco; Victoria, Canada
















Connectivity 
Built to scale, built for speed, our IPv4 and IPv6 BGP network cores get you there fast.


Solutions VPN Solutions
Cloud & Virtualization
Faith-Based
Education
Live Stream Events

Join Mailing List Be first to know about upcoming special and events by joining our mailing list today.
Visit Our Contact Page

Follow Us 
Twitter
Follow Us.

Facebook
Like Us.






top





Home
About Us
Support
Legal
Facebook
Twitter
中文
Sitemap



 ©2014 Energy Group Networks and EGIHosting.com. All rights reserved.

















