532309642






Engageya - content recommendations readers exchange





















LoginRegister


Publishers
Advertisers
Networks
GET FREE WIDGET







						Expose your content to  maximize  and 




								GET FREE WIDGET
							






















					Join our native content discovery and advertising platform today
				














								expose your content for free, to relevant audiences across all networks.
								LEARN MORE

Cross promoted content









								bring your readers other related content, increase engagement and  page views.
								LEARN MORE

On site content






								monetize your pages with targeted content ad units and make your readers happy.
								LEARN MORE

Sponsored content






								show related Facebook posts, leverage your social voice and increase your following.
								LEARN MORE

Social content





ENGAGING





















					users, on more than 50,000 websites			
				







"Since implementing Engageya’s widget I have noticed that my audience is browsing longer on my site than before. The recommended posts are getting clicked on and it has improved the way my readers engage. I have had wonderful assistance from customer service and am overall completely satisfied with my decision to add Engageya’s widget."




Kayla from
www.notyourstandard.com







"I noticed I was getting a lot of likes on my Facebook Fan Page, especially on older posts, and I wondered who was browsing through these. Then I remembered - I had Engageya's widget on my blog and it was recommending posts from my Fan Page! Since using Engageya on my site, my page views and Facebook likes have increased and many of my friends started using their widget too. Thank you Engageya!"




Jong from
www.iisjong.com







"I really appreciate how Engageya’s plugin seems to have actually "learned" my site enough to list posts that are similar to the one being read.  For example, last weekend, when I posted a story about my Grandmother, the plugin listed a post where I had made her special cake the year before. This is exactly the kind of related content I would put if I were hand picking it."




Alison from
www.alisonchino.com







"I was looking for ways to keep viewers on my blog and Engageya's free plugin helped me dramatically. My traffic and the time visitors spent on my site increased. Visitors were seeing other posts that were on my site without having to look for them. The plugin also made my posts more attractive and professional looking."




Angela from
www.mypersonalaccent.com


















Our Partners













What is native advertising?



							"Ad strategies that allow brands to promote their content into the endemic experience of a site in a non-interruptive, integrated way."
						


TechCrunch



 
							"A form of media that's built into the actual visual design and where the ads are part of the content."
						


Mashable






				Engageya's Advantages:
				










							GET FREE WIDGET
						





Sign up
Log in
Support


About
Blog
Contact
Privacy


Publishers
Advertisers
Networks







Copyright © Engageya 2014
	



