



EQ Works - Digital Media Buying and Marketing Agency, Toronto | EQWorks























































 

 




HomeAbout

History
Our portfolio


How it works
Where it works
Why it works











EQ Works Announces "ATOM" a new Self-Serve Media Buying Platform for Small Business  Digital Media at a Price Anyone Can Afford  learn how learn howEQ Works Announces Targeted, Pre-Screened YouTube ™ Channels  YouTube™ Advertising with Premium Performance  
WebWho thought we’d ever say the web is “old”? In technology years, maybe it is…yet it works…
More

MobileWhere are they now, outside your door, sitting in their back yard, racing to their next destination?…
More
SocialSocial media, is it a tool that’s really any different than the ones we use now? Yes, and no.
More
Video“57 channels and nothing on” wailed Bruce Springsteen back in the 80’s – actually, there are thousands …
More
PreviousNext1234


Mobile Ready


Mobile matters, and everyone is a moving target. EQ’s DNA is performance-driven, with our attention focused on the numbers that make a difference. Our mobile-first approach was developed in anticipation of the major shift that’s taking place, and the numbers don’t lie:

41% of consumers turned to a competitor after a bad mobile experience
57% of users will not recommend a business with a poorly designed mobile site
61% of people have a better opinion of a brand when they offer a good mobile experience
Consumer mobile traffic has doubled over the past year, accounting for 21% of all web page visits

Source: Adobe research, Oct 2013.




What Clients say about us



“EQ works worked with us on a diverse range of marketing projects stemming from an initial strategy session that allowed us to create a multi-year roadmap.  They are creative, thorough, personable and experts in understanding our needs and translating them into business solutions.”
Doug Gillespie – Hydropool
“We worked with the EQ team on an important project and found them to be professional, knowledgeable and action oriented.  They provided valuable guidance while working under tight timelines… ultimately delivering a great solution!”
Lino Gentile – ADP Canada


Get in touch!

Use the contact form or let us know how
we can help and we’ll get in touch with you.
1255 Bay Street, Suite 400
Toronto, Ontario M5R 2A9
Canada
Phone: 416.597.8889
Toll Free: 866.962.9764
Fax: 416.597.2345

Name * E-Mail * Subject *  Message *   Please prove that you are human by solving the equation * 
  


Investors
Financial Statements
Agency First
Careers
Contact
In The News
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
































