




















 Download Manager - Free Download | iLivid








Follow @iLividApp





 

Home
Download
Features
Support

 


English
Spanish
Portuguese
French
German
Italian
Turkish


 



iLivid Free Download Manager
The New Generation of Download Managers
 Download iLivid FREE!


Experience faster downloading and immediate viewing with an awesome Free Download Manager.

100% Free
100% Clean







 






Instant Playing
Watch videos within seconds




Channels
Easily find out if links work




Download Sites
Supports all popular sites






Awesome features that give you more
iLivid download manager has powerful features that make it the fastest and easiest way to download hosted files. iLivid includes plug-ins that let you play almost all popular audio and video formats, in any available protocol and in any media type: streaming, CDs, DVDs and RAR and archived files from your hard-drive.
Instant viewing from any source
With iLivid, you can watch any video format and download videos from many popular hosting websites. iLivid's Download Manager lets you start watching videos immediately without having to wait for the downloading to be completed.
Experience a better way of downloading movies
iLivid offers you an improved download experience with these great features:


A bundled VLC Streamer
Supports all popular video formats, so there is no need to convert or install codecs and extra software


Download Manager
With just one-click, you can download from all the popular download sites


Online Video Downloader
Convert and save videos from all the popular online video sites


Built-in Accelerators
No more waiting! Start watching videos seconds into the downloading process. Download at optimal speed with downloading capacity of up to 12 accelerators


100% Free. 100% safe.
No registration process, no viruses- all you do is download and enjoy!






 Copyrights © iLivid.com All rights reserved to Bandoo Media Inc.



Home
About
Contact Us
FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
DMCA Policy



 



