



Nigeria's Largest Online Mall | Konga Nigeria































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                

















 





















Track My Order


Sell on Konga


Seller Academy







Sign Up                         | 
Sign In                        











Forgot Your Password?






Sign in with Facebook




Sign in with Google    




Create New Account









 






Menu









Login/Create Account

 








Shop by Category











Search




All










Popular Search: 
   Infinix HOT |
GOLD |
 Lenovo A3300 | 
DEO MILANO










You have no items in your shopping cart.

            0 item(s) in Cart Go to Shopping Cart


 






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Test 






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 
Track my Order
Shop by Category





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Test 


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 

 

 





 












View All






                                    34%                                    
























Sold





                                            Buy                                        


Time left to buy:



 








                                    17%                                    
























Sold





                                            Buy                                        


Time left to buy:



 








                                    23%                                    
























Sold





                                            Buy                                        


Time left to buy:



 








Popular Category



































































Women's Tops
Traditional Clothing
Women's Skirts
Jerseys
Women's Plus Size
Jumpsuits and Playsuits
Women's Dresses
Co-ordinates

View all










Bags & Wallets
Style Plus Fashion
Abakaf Fabrics
Lace Fabrics






Polo Shirts
Men's Jeans
Men's Shirts
Sweaters and Jumpers
Men's Trousers and Shorts
Suits, Blazers & Jackets
Jerseys
Mens Traditional Wear

View all










Ronny Fashion
Leatherworks
RSJ
Franck New York Underwear






Mobile Phones
Tablets
Desk Phones and Intercoms
Phone and Tablet Accessories

View all










Blackberry Q5
Ojays Computers
Dinmix Mobile
Fly Mobile






Laptops
Desktop and Monitors
Computing Accessories
Printers, Scanners and Accessories
Networking
Computer Software
Projectors

View all










Trascend Storage Devices
Asus Laptops
Modems & Switches
Toshiba Storage Devices






Home Theatres and Audio Systems
Cameras
DVD Players
Televisions
Electronic Accessories
Electronic Bundles

View all










Office Planet
Samsung Smart Cameras
F&D Entertainment System
PS4 Games






Kitchen and Dining
Housekeeping and Pet Supplies 
Home Furnishings
Luggage
Home & Kitchen Bundles
Large Appliances 
Small Appliances 
Others

View all










Eterna Castrol Lubricant
SAAS Stores
Daewoo Refrigerators
Microwaves






Kids Clothing and Accessories
Toys & Activities
Kids' Beddings & Decor
School Store
​Baby Essentials
Maternity

View all










Feeding & Nursing
Breast Pumps
Toys & Activities
Beddings & Decor






Alcoholic Beverages
Beverages
Food
Processed Foods
Fruit Juices & Drinks
Agric Products

View all










Neo Cafe
Snacks
Cereals
Sliming Tea










Recently Viewed Items

No recently viewed items.






 





Online Shopping on Konga.com – Nigeria’s Largest Online Mall
Konga.com is your number one online shopping destination in Nigeria. Forget all the long queues, staying long hours in traffic and crowded malls as you can now buy just anything online and at the best price in Nigeria just for you to have the best shopping experience with the option of pay on delivery either by cash or with the use of your debit card. You can also make use of your KongaPay as a more convenient and secure payment method. We have have a large selection of electronics, mobile phones, computers, fashion, beauty products, books and a whole lot more. Don’t hesitate to take advantage of our special promotions online such as the Ramadan sales to make this season a memorable one, also get the exclusive DSTV offer from us  and enjoy 2 months of premium subscription free, just perfect enough to enjoy all your favourite movies, sports and TV shows from the comfort of your home.
Fashion Style & Trends
Here at Konga, you can explore our site that is easily navigable to check for the latest in fashion ranging from men and women clothing to shoes, bags and other fashionable accessories to adorn yourself with and just to keep up with the latest style in fashion. Step out in the most attractive fashion trends with our collection of top fashion brands such as David Wej, Spotted, AX Paris, Deo Milano, Quest and so much more. Don’t be left out in the collection of international fashion brands as well such as Fever London, River Island, Zara Fashion, Steve Madden & more.  Online shopping makes life easy for shoe lovers with the shoe week initiative from our creative style team where you can get lovely men shoes such as loafers, formal shoes and casual shoes at discounted prices and also women shoes such as high heels, court shoes, sandals and flat shoes. There are Fashion events we always happen to be part of just for you to experience the quality the eCommerce brand possesses offline.
Electronic Devices – Phones, Tablets, Computers & Home Appliances
Never miss out on the latest in news, sports, entertainment and other latest happenings around the world as we provide a wide a range of mobile devices that will keep you connected. Check mobile phones from top brands such as LG, Lenovo, Infinix, Blackberry, Microsoft, Samsung, Apple and more. These phone brands tend to produce the latest models year in year out and at Konga, we make sure we have them in store just for you. Check out the LG G4, Lenovo A5000, Infinix Hot Note, Samsung S6 Edge, Blackberry passport, Tecno Boom J7, iPhone 6 and the latest Microsoft Lumia phones. Don’t hesitate to take advantage of our computing products too, shop for the latest laptop computers from Dell, Hp, ASUS, Acer, Apple Mac & more. There is also home entertainment available online. Get the opportunity to buy the latest LED TV, wireless home theatres, DVD players, Digital cameras to capture the interesting moments and other top-notch electronic devices.
Shopping Online
Have you ever asked yourself what it is like to shop on Konga? Well let’s say you have an event to attend and you have no gift idea, it is easy with us here; you can check out our buying guide or blog to give you gift ideas on what to buy. Do you want to give your home a makeover with the latest electronics or stuff it up with healthy grocery items? Just click to buy and you would have it all delivered at your doorstep with no hassle. Life made easy right? So no more long trip to the mall or staying in heavy traffic, do all your shopping with the number one online shopping site in Nigeria. 








Download
Download











                                Buying on Konga                                









                                Konga                                




Contact Us
About Us
Forum
Careers
Become an Affiliate
FAQ
Site Map
Our Blog
e-Gift Voucher
Bulk Purchase



 





                                Payments                                





Wallet
Pay on Delivery
 










                                Shipping                            







Shop Easier!








 

    Newsletter    





                            Subscribe for Special Offers, Promos & Deals                    


Subscribe


Keep in Touch
01 460 5555 or 0809 460 5555 
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
YouTube


 




Policies: Terms of use | Privacy | Authentic Items
Copyright © 2015 Konga.com. All rights reserved.



 






X





X









