




Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds | KSL.com



















































































KSL TV 
    

   
    

KSL Newsradio 
    

   
    

KSL
            Live! 
    
   

KSL Shows 
    
   

iWitness 
    
   

Mobile 
    













Salt Lake  77°

Change    
                        
Salt Lake
Provo
Ogden
St. George
Logan













  













                            Utah                        

                            Page Two                        

                            U.S.                        

                            World                        

                            Sports                        

                            Weather                        

                            Traffic                        

                            Biz                        

                            Pics & Flix                        

                            Outdoors                        

                            Latino                        




Deals
Local
Jobs
Homes
Cars
Classifieds



































































4 USU football players, former softball player injured in crash



Multiple people were listed in critical condition Friday after a semi trailer collided with an SUV in a rural area of Cache County.






3 planets visible to naked eye in coming days
Japanese women go ape over surprisingly handsome gorilla
Utahns offer mixed reactions to same-sex marriage ruling
Netflix adding 57 titles; dropping 53 in July








Latest News & Features »











                  Man struck in Farmington crosswalk, in critical condition               









               A man is in critical condition after being struck by a vehicle in a crosswalk in Farmington Friday night, police said.            













                  ‘If Cancer Was A Fish’ picture book written to help kids cope with tragedy               














               If cancer was a fish, Tiffany Berg Coughran and her five kids would definitely throw it back. That's the visual Coughran conjured up several years ago when her husband, Paul Berg, was diagnosed with oral cancer.            













                  Mountain lion tranquilized in Pleasant Grove neighborhood               














               A mountain lion was tranquilized and later released in a safe location after being located in a tree near a hiking trail in Pleasant Grove Friday, officials said.            













                  Law requiring online merchants to charge sales tax gaining support in Utah               













               Lawmakers in Washington D.C., including Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, are working to craft measures that would "even the playing field" by requiring online merchants to collect local sales tax just like their traditional counterparts.            













                  Jury finds man guilty of murder in fatal DUI crash               














               A jury has found that a Draper man committed murder when — drunk and enraged after a fight at home — he drove into a busy intersection and killed a mother driving her daughter to cheerleading practice.            













                  S.L. County Jail kitchen worker arrested for alleged relations with inmates               














               A contract worker at the Salt Lake County Jail has been arrested for allegedly having illegal sexual relations with inmates.            













                  1 escaped murderer fatally shot in NY woods, other is on run               














               One of two convicted murderers who staged a brazen escape from an upstate maximum-security prison three weeks ago was shot and killed by a border patrol agent in a wooded area 30 miles from the prison on Friday, and the other was on the run, authorities said.            













                  Supreme Court declares nationwide right to same-sex marriage               














               Same-sex couples won the right to marry nationwide Friday as a divided Supreme Court handed a crowning victory to the gay rights movement, setting off a jubilant cascade of long-delayed weddings in states where they had been forbidden.            













                  Springville girl baking cookies to help rescue child slaves               














               A 12-year-old Springville girl is working to create a perpetual bake sale in hopes of helping rescue children who are being trafficked around the world.            













                  Life without parole for man involved in murder, kidnapping               









               A West Jordan man was sentenced Friday to life in prison without parole for kidnapping and killing a man over an apparent drug debt.            













                  Inspired by teammates, Lehi soccer club donates uniforms to kids in Haiti               









               Soccer players from the Utah Arsenal Soccer Club, inspired by three of their Haitian teammates, are gathering their old soccer uniforms, including jerseys, shorts, socks and shoes, to send to children in Haiti.            













                  Dozens killed in attacks in Tunisia, Kuwait and France               














               A young man pulled a Kalashnikov from a beach umbrella and sprayed gunfire at European sunbathers at a Tunisian resort, killing at least 39 people — one of three deadly attacks Friday from Europe to North Africa to the Middle East that followed a call to violence by Islamic State extremists.            













                  Due to increase in rescues, officials warn public of hiking dangers               














               Salt Lake County and Sandy officials held a news conference Friday in an attempt to educate people about hiking safety, as well as hazards specific to the popular Bells Canyon Trail.            













                  Rock-climbing baby scaled walls before she could walk               













               When Ellie Farmer is working her way up a climbing wall, she sometimes plants her foot or reaches her hand just-so and has to squeal down to her parents, as if to say, "Look! I did it!"            













                  Homely hounds compete to be crowned World's Ugliest Dog               









               He's overweight and has a birth defect that left him a bit hunchbacked.            













                  Donald Trump causing a new headache for NBC               









               Donald Trump is a problem for NBCUniversal that has no easy solution. A day after Trump vowed to sue Univision for backing out of the Miss USA Pageant, NBCUniversal is reviewing its contractual obligations with Trump.            













                  Arizona man dies following motorcycle crash in southern Utah               














               An Arizona man is dead after crashing his motorcycle on I-15 Thursday in southern Utah.            













                  'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child:' J.K Rowling announces new play               













               "Harry Potter" has fired imaginations on the page and the big screen and now his story is set to continue, with the wizard schoolboy spending a spell treading the boards in London's theater land.            













                  Disney: Selfie sticks will be banned starting Tuesday               













               Officials announced Friday that a ban takes effect Tuesday at all four Disney theme parks in Orlando as well as at Disney's water parks and Disney Quest, a gaming attraction at Downtown Disney.            













                  'We may never understand' says family of Roy man who killed wife, children               













               The father of a man who police say shot and killed his two young children and his wife before taking his own life released a statement Friday saying the family may never know why he did what he did.            













                  Police: Father, son flee officers, hit bus               








               A father and his son were arrested by Orem police Friday after allegedly fleeing from officers and hitting a bus.            













                  Fishermen spy great white shark feasting on a whale; Internet gobbles up video               














               A Long Island fisherman posted video of a great white shark devouring a dead whale last week, and YouTube is eating it up.            







            |  Browse by Day














Sports » 







US defeats China 1-0, plays Germany in World Cup semifinals 
 
4 USU football players, former softball player injured in crash 
Rivals, friends rally on Twitter around Utah State athletes injured in car crash 
RSL hopes to control MLS-leading scorer, send off internationals with win 
For Trey Lyles, it's all about the little things 










National » 


 
 

Once open to grand jury scrutiny, Tulsa sheriff fighting it 
 
NYC church opens contest to give 9/11 sermon 
Father, son arrested after fleeing police, hitting bus 
More than 1,300 claims filed in Akron asbestos suit 
Man, 73, rides Ohio roller coaster for 12,000th time 










World » 


 
 

Diplomats: Iran considers shipping, selling enriched uranium 
 
Weeklong heat weave in southern Pakistan kills 1,233 people 
Bomb blasts in Iraqi capital leave 12 dead, dozens wounded 
In custody, suspect in French terror attack keeps quiet 
Kuwait conducts mass funeral as police question suspects 










Pics & Flix » 







'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child:' J.K Rowling announces new play 
 
Young author works on second book in series 
Utah Arts Festival creates hands-on creative experiences 
SLC violinist stacks sounds in Michael Jackson mashup video 
Netflix adding 57 titles; dropping 53 in July 










Odds & Ends » 







Homely hounds compete to be crowned World's Ugliest Dog 
 
Japanese women go ape over surprisingly handsome gorilla 
Court rails against judge who didn't show for jury duty 
Fat, nude body painting in NYC celebrates body positivity 
Church once home to fraternity could become sorority house 










Business & Finance » 


 
 

USDA proposes healthier fare for child, adult day cares 
 
The Latest: Germany says Greece vote move seems to end talks 
Some in GOP fed up with Maine's bombastic governor 
NC Senate budget proposes ending driver's ed. requirement 
High school teachers enroll in summer manufacturing lessons 


















































  Advertise with us
Report this ad











Advertise with us
Report this ad







Most Popular





Read
Commented
Sports
Deseret News




1. 4 USU football players, former softball ...
2. Japanese women go ape over surprisingly ...
3. 3 planets visible to naked eye in coming ...
4. Utahns offer mixed reactions to same-sex ...
5. Man struck in Farmington crosswalk, in ...
6. Fishermen spy great white shark feasting ...
7. Netflix adding 57 titles; dropping 53 in ...
8. Homely hounds compete to be crowned ...
9. S.L. County Jail kitchen worker arrested ...
10. Mountain lion tranquilized in Pleasant ...




 Supreme Court declares nationwide right to ...
 Utahns offer mixed reactions to same-sex ...
 Law requiring online merchants to charge ...
 Bountiful boutique offers modest, ...
 No, Obamacare is not reducing employees' hours




1. 4 USU football players, former softball ...
2. Prospective Jazz Dancers impressive ...
3. For Trey Lyles, it's all about the ...
4. US defeats China 1-0, plays Germany in ...
5. Rivals, friends rally on Twitter around ...





				
		Send us your news tips


See something happening? Send us a tip!




                        BrandView        


 
 University of Utah Health Care - Expert Health News & Information  

 
 Money Matters 

 
 Young Automotive Auto Review 

 
 Green Tea HP - Change the way you look, feel and age 

 
 Ask a Harmons Chef 



                        Features        


 
 KSL Investigators 

 
 Your Life - Your Health Recipes, Tips and more 

 
 Road to Zero Fatalities 

 
 Stories featured as "More on KSL.com" 

 
 Wednesday\'s Child 




Markets











DJIA
17946.68
+56.32



Nasdaq
5080.50
-31.69



S&P 500
2101.49
-0.82





Please roll over a camera to see the image.

Travel Times




Morning
I-15
I-80
I-215E
I-215W
SR-201/Legacy



Provo to Lehi Lehi to I-215 South Interchange I-215 South Interchange to Salt Lake City Farmington to Salt Lake City Park City Exit to Foothill Drive 

Provo to Lehi
Lehi to I-215 South Interchange
I-215 South Interchange to Salt Lake City
Salt Lake City to Farmington
Farmington to Salt Lake City
Salt Lake City to I-215 South Interchange
I-215 South Interchange to Lehi
Lehi to Provo


5600 West to I-15
I-15 to Foothill Drive
Foothill Drive to Park City Exit
Park City Exit to Foothill Drive
Foothill Drive to I-15
I-15 to 5600 West


I-15 South Interchange to I-80
I-80 to I-15 South Interchange


I-15 South Interchange to SR-201
SR-201 to I-15 North Interchange
I-15 North Interchange to SR-201
SR-201 to I-15 South Interchange


I-215 to Farmington
Farmington to I-215
5600 West to I-15
I-15 to 5600 West



Weather Photos





Random
Galleries
Submit







						by  Stephen Warner 					















KSL Outdoors










 Mt. Olympus Trail 











Find Your Next Adventure






 Ogden River Parkway





 Lower Calf Creek Falls





 Angel's Landing






Submit Your Favorite Trail »







                        Deseret Media Initiatives        


 
 KSL encourages you to "Read Today" 









Advertise with us
Report this ad






Photo Galleries »





June Gallery





User photos: This week in news





Prospective Jazz Dancers impressive under pressure at boot camp workouts





Photos: June's scintillating storms





Remembering Flag Day: A gallery





Breaking News





	Site Index




News
 Utah
News
   Education
 KSL Investigates
 Your Life Your Health
 Staying Safe
 More on the web

 Page Two
Family
 Uplifting
 Lifestyle
 Outdoors & Recreation
 Religion
 LDS Life
 Politics
 Science & Tech
  Odds & Ends
 Gephardt Gets It!
 iWitness

   National
   World
   Biz/Finance
 Consumer

Weather
 Forecasts
  Current Conditions
  VORTEX
  Microcast
  Water Watch
 Snowpack totals
 Ramp reports
 Lawn Watering guide
 Flood/Water Flow
  Photo Galleries
  Weather Planner
  Weather Lab
  Ask the Meteorologist
  Ski Report
  Weather on 5.3


Traffic
 Traffic Cams


Special Features
   General Conference



Sports
   BYU

 Coach's Show
 Cougar Tracks
 My Cougar Stories
 
 U of U

 Crimson Corner

 USU



 Jazz/NBA

Schedule /
     Stats /
      	Standings
 Blog

 RSL

Schedule /
     Stats /
      	Standings
 Blog

 Prep

Schedule / Scoreboard /
      	Standings
 KSL Coaches Poll

  NFL
 Golf Utah
 Stats/Scores
 Bleacher Reports


 Movies
 Movie/Theater Listings


Shows

 Studio 5
 KSL Outdoors w/ Adam Eakle
 KSL 5 News Today
 The Browser 5.0
 Utah's Morning News
 Doug Wright Show
 The Browser
 Utah's Afternoon News
 Nightside Project
 KSL Movie Show
 KSL Outdoors
 KSL Greenhouse Show
 Matt Townsend Show
 KSL Travel Show

Classifieds
 General
 Homes
 Cars
 Utah Jobs
 Deals
 Local
 Help



TV
   Bios
 Schedule
  Contests
  More on the Web
  Studio 5

Radio
  Listen LIVE
  Podcasts
  Lineup
  Bios
  Shows
 Features
 Speaking on Biz
 Teacher Feature
 Money Matters
 Utah Gives Back
 Contests
 Events


Advertise with KSL

Other Resources
 Contact Us /  Phone Numbers
 Careers with KSL
 Careers with DDM
 Web Resources
 Charity Account Form


Mobile
 ksl.com mobile
 KSL mobile apps
 text alerts


Legal
 Terms of Use
 Privacy Statement
 DMCA Notice
 EEO Public File Report
 FCC Public File
 Closed Captioning Assistance

Sister Sites

 FM100  /   Arrow 103.5
Deseret News
Utah.com
Deseret Book














				KSL's Children's Television Programming Reports, as well as its FCC public inspection file, are available for viewing during regular office hours at the KSL Broadcast House or online.  The station representative who can assist a person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public files is Mike Dowdle, available during regular office hours at closed_captioning@ksl.com and (801) 575-5555.
				
 © 2015 KSL.com |  KSL Broadcasting  Salt Lake City UT   |  Site hosted & managed by Deseret Digital Media  -  a Deseret Media Company  v09









































