









League of Legends














Skip to main content



 








 




Ekko, the Boy Who Shattered Time


The hour is nigh. Ekko’s here and ready to get tickin’.
Learn More 




























All Shirts $17.50 (30% Off)!Dive into the Team Up and Pool Party 30% off shirts sale and pick up any shirt for $17.50 USD.

Sales



 







/ALL Chat | Phreaky Art ft. GweedoHorrific champ art, F is for Flash, incredible League makeup, and Gweedo from Just OK Guides.

Community Spotlight



 




 

 







Your Party IP Weekend unlocked!Earn up to 300% guaranteed bonus IP when you team up during the Party IP Weekend!

Special Event



 







Pool Party skins splash downThe temperature’s rising on Summoner’s Rift. It’s Pool Party time!

Skin Release



 







Patch 5.12 notesDefensive mastery changes, a new AP jungle enchantment and - as always - champion diversity tuning!

Patch



 

 










Most Recent News






Champion Insights: Tahm Kench, the River KingWe sat down with the champion ideation team to hear about the process that took an idea - Fish Tank - and turned it into Tahm Kench.








Champion and skin sale: 06.26 - 06.29Grab these champions and skins on sale for 50% off for a limited time:








Building Butcher’s Bridge: the Bilgewater eventLater this summer, we’ll launch our next event called Bilgewater: Burning Tides. As part of the event, the temporary Butcher’s Bridge ARAM map brings Bilgewater to life for the first time in game. Read on to learn more about the new map and the creative storm at Riot inspired by the possibilities in the teeming port city.








Power Rankings 6/23/2015Top European teams have been on a tear lately and are ascending up the international Power Rankings. Find out how things look this week!








Patch Rundown 5.12 - Enter the RuneglaiveJoin Scarizard, Zirene and Riot Jag as they discuss the upcoming changes to inhib turrets, mage junglers, Elise, and a certain root-tastic blue man.



View all news 
 






About League Of Legends
Prepaid Cards
Refer a Friend
Help Us Improve
Service Status
Tribunal
Support
Esports Pro Site




Riot Games



                YouTube.com
              



                Twitter.com
              



                Facebook.com
              





Play Now
© 2015 Riot Games, Inc. All rights reserved. Riot Games, League of Legends and PvP.net are trademarks, services marks, or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc.

Eula
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Tribunal Policy




PVP.net

Signup
Support










































