

Los Angeles Times - California, national and world news - Los Angeles Times





















LIKE65°











               Same-sex marriage ruling: Elation, surprise and pockets of resistance                Mark Wilson / Getty Images Rainbow-colored lights shine on the White House to celebrate the Supreme Court ruling. President Obama said the ruling has “made our union a little more perfect.”  Rainbow-colored lights shine on the White House to celebrate the Supreme Court ruling. President Obama said the ruling has “made our union a little more perfect.”  (Mark Wilson / Getty Images)     See more galleries       Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times Joe Bahena, 47, of Redondo Beach holds up a sign declaring same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states at a celebration in the Long Beach civic plaza.   Joe Bahena, 47, of Redondo Beach holds up a sign declaring same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states at a celebration in the Long Beach civic plaza.   (Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times)     See more galleries    Weekend Report   Tourists flee Tunisia after resort massacre   New York prison escapee Richard Matt killed; David Sweat still at large   35 California counties grant healthcare to immigrants in U.S. illegally   For $1-billion investment, Disney would be spared Anaheim tax for 30 years


  In custody, suspect in French terror attack keeps quiet   Woman climbs South Carolina flagpole, removes Confederate flag  Crackdown on GI Bill abuse: Veteran enrollment halted at five more helicopter schools  9 bodies recovered at site of Alaska plane crash  Russia and NATO raise stakes with military buildups and rhetoric   Alexander Hamilton fans are upset about his demotion on $10 bill

Sports Ultra runners view Western States' hills and valleys as pinnacle of sport Lakers have their guard, what's next as the free-agency period nears?


More on Same-Sex Marriage
full coverage

   Many U.S. women's soccer team members happy with ruling   Hollywood social media give same-sex marriage ruling a big thumbs up   Steve Lopez: Hey California, Antonin Scalia discovers the 10th ring of hell, and we are it



view all





A mother asks, why don't some black lives matter to other blacks? 



In a bizarre dissent, Justice Alito predicts gays might seek revenge on straights 



Lakers better have big free-agent plans after going small in draft 



Why aren't bicyclists entitled to free air at gas stations? 



Female lawyers take a firmer stand on pay equity 



Berkeley's warning about cellphone radiation may go too far 



With one ruling, Supreme Court saves Obamacare, the GOP and itself 



Confederate flag represents South no more than Mexico's represents California 






       Randy Eardley / BLM National Fire and Aviation At the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise, Idaho, fire experts from several federal departments monitor the alarming fire situation in Alaska (on the screen) and across the U.S. At the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise, Idaho, fire experts from several federal departments monitor the alarming fire situation in Alaska (on the screen) and across the U.S. (Randy Eardley / BLM National Fire and Aviation)     High anxiety at the U.S. fire command center in Idaho      John Mendel plans to keep Honda on top in California Cats rescued from shelters are hired for rodent patrol


 Mercedes' new luxury car: You feel 'like you are slipping into the cockpit of fighter jet' New firefly found in SoCal — wait, we have fireflies? Former Dodger Dee Gordon is flourishing with Miami Marlins


Entertainment News
More Entertainment News

 Why the BET Awards still matter Jimmy Fallon says ring 'almost ripped my finger off'; Friday 'Tonight Show' canceled Patrick Macnee: The essence of a gentleman



L.A. Housing Market
Read more

 What you can buy for $795,000 in Echo Park 'Small-lot homes' aim to drive down prices, but critics say they just drive up density What can you buy in the low $400,000s around Los Angeles? Rent or own: Where can you afford to live? Three stories of hardship put a face on L.A.'s exorbitant housing costs






  Will you be Neal Fraser's sous chef for a day? Enter our Experiences sweepstakes learn more   Gov. Jerry Brown and Times Publisher Austin Beutner discuss "Water in the West" learn more   Get tix to the only food & wine festival that's authentically L.A. learn more 





California Stories
sign up for the newsletter

 Official says pipeline firm violated state guidelines for reporting Santa Barbara spill American Pharoah to parade for Santa Anita crowd on Saturday


 Outside panel will oversee California's troubled toxic waste regulator Could California's proposed vaccine law be unconstitutional? Video: The morphing of Market Street, San FranciscoL.A. Now View the Blog Same-sex marriage: San Diego mayor's reversal in 2007 helped shift public attitudesIn the immediate aftermath of the U.S. Supreme Court decision making same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states, much attention has rightfully been focused on the bold actions of the Democratic mayor of San Francisco in 2004. Motorist dies when car overturns in El Monte Gardena police find shooting victim dead in car West Hollywood Decision Day celebration is emotion-filled Growth slows in Lake fire, now 20% contained




view more


    PolitiCal  California Assembly approves one of the toughest mandatory...      L.A. Now  Police union wants more exemptions from L.A. proposal to...      L.A. Now  Lake fire grew after private drone flights disrupted air...      L.A. Now  Bakersfield police officer dies after crash during pursuit      L.A. Now  LAPD identifies officer who shot unarmed man in Los Feliz      CALIFORNIA  Another DWP bill? No: 'You are in the top 1% of all...      L.A. Now  Man arrested after bicyclist is killed in hit-and-run in...      Education  Abuse claim now part of misconduct inquiry into noted L.A....      POLITICS  Gavin Newsom: "unbelievable" gay marriage...      L.A. Now  Corrections officer on Disneyland vacation charged with...  





In the Conversation
sign up for the newsletter

 There's a special place for those who quash hyperbole in online comments  If you have dipped a toe into the fetid swamps of online political debate, chances are you have encountered — maybe even authored — acerbic one-liners like, “There is a special place in hell for that so-and-so _______!” (fill in the blank with your least-favorite public official's name). When your YouTube video becomes a corporate profit center  Say it's your wedding day. The ceremony's over, and you've finished with the reception dinner. Uncle Charlie's had too much to drink and is telling your college friends about the time he saw Foghat at the Hollywood Bowl in 1976. Suddenly the DJ takes the mike and announces it's time for your first...
 French worries over Islamic State point to Syria  Six months after the Jan. 7 attack on the satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo, Paris remains a city on guard. Black-uniformed military police of the Republican Security Companies patrol tourist sites with submachine guns. Museums, concert halls and even bookstores funnel visitors through security checks... In ruling, high court recognizes 'changed understandings of marriage'  Rather than creating a completely new right, the court embraced a deeper understanding of an existing one.






  Sign up for our Dodgers newsletter learn more   Sign up for our weekly California Inc. newsletter learn more   Sign up for our weekly Essential Arts & Culture newsletter learn more 





Today's Videos

              A  large rally was held in West Hollywood to celebrate the U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage. A  large rally was held in West Hollywood to celebrate the U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage.         President Obama breaks out in song during his eulogy for Reverend Clementa Pinckney of Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. June 26, 2015. (Reuters) President Obama breaks out in song during his eulogy for Reverend Clementa Pinckney of Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. June 26, 2015. (Reuters)          








    Technology Now  It's not that complicated: Facebook is still mostly run...      COMPANY TOWN  Univision cuts ties with Donald Trump, Miss USA pageant over...      Nation Now  Anesthesiologist's mocking of sedated patient proves to...      BUSINESS  Man sues Disneyland for ending membership to exclusive...      OBITUARIES  Patrick Macnee dies at 93; dapper John Steed in TV's...      Nation Now  Iraqi pilot missing after F-16 crash in Arizona      Nation  Congress approves assistance for workers who lose jobs to...      Nation  Charleston mourners line up to pay respects to the Rev....      Nation Now  Prison guard arrested in escape of two New York inmates      BUSINESS  Orange County job growth to pick up this year, forecast says      Culture Monster  Academy Museum wins final L.A. City Council approval      Nation  What happens when a millennial goes fascist? He starts up...      BUSINESS  Lexus says its hoverboard really flies, but it won't...      Technology Now  Virtually climb El Capitan with Google's first vertical...      National Politics  Jindal enters crowded GOP presidential race  





    L.A. Walks: Abalone Cove Trail on Palos Verdes is a walk of awe              Christina House / For the Los Angeles Times A view from the Portuguese Point Loop Trail looking down at Sacred Cove on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. A view from the Portuguese Point Loop Trail looking down at Sacred Cove on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. (Christina House / For the Los Angeles Times)     See more galleries       Christina House / For the Los Angeles Times A visitor sits by a cliff-side fence leading to the trails at Abalone Cove on the Palos Verdes coastline. This quiet cove offers good walking, great ocean views, a secluded beach and some of Southern California’s most accessible tidepools. A visitor sits by a cliff-side fence leading to the trails at Abalone Cove on the Palos Verdes coastline. This quiet cove offers good walking, great ocean views, a secluded beach and some of Southern California’s most accessible tidepools. (Christina House / For the Los Angeles Times)     See more galleries    


Other Photo Galleries
view more

 The Week in Pictures From the Archives: 1967: PeopleMover opens at Disneyland Celebrity Portraits by The Times






Member CenterPlace an AdLocal California Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Nation World Lifestyle Travel Autos Real Estate Photos & Video Great Reads CLASSIFIEDS FIND A JOB SHOP ADVERTISING CORRECTIONS PRIVACY:UPDATE Terms: Update SITE MAP ABOUT US CONTACT US Local Breaking News Obituaries Weather Central L.A. Eastside Harbor Northeast L.A. Pomona Valley S.F. Valley S.G. Valley South Bay Southeast South L.A. Verdugos Westside Orange County Partner Sites Local+ L.A. NowHomicide ReportSoCal MomentsHow did an accused serial killer poison himself in jail?Lake fire grew after private drone flights disrupted air dropsCalifornia City Hall Crime Data & Maps Drought Education Obituaries Politics Transportation L.A. NowRobin AbcarianPoliticalAbuse claim now part of misconduct inquiry into noted L.A. teacherAnother DWP bill? No: 'You are in the top 1% of all residential water users'Sports Angels Clippers Dodgers High School Kings Lakers NFL NHL / Ducks Scores & Stats UCLA USC More sports Clippers NowDodgers NowHS InsiderLakers NowSports NowUSC NowUCLA NowVarsity InsiderLakers' D'Angelo Russell could be climbing the walls, in a good wayUltra runners view Western States' hills and valleys as pinnacle of sportEntertainment Arts Books Company Town Critics Picks Hero Complex L.A. Sound Movies Music Television Ent+ Carolina A. MirandaCulture MonsterThe EnvelopeGossipJacket CopyMovies NowPop & HissShow Tracker'Diversity doesn't just happen': Six women in film discuss the challenges aheadA guide to BET Experience shows that are worth catchingBusiness Latest Most Popular Autos Company Town Jobs Real Estate Business+ Hot PropertyHiltzikLazarusTechnology NowBerkeley's warning about cellphone radiation may go too farMercedes AMG GT S is a high-end hot rodOpinion Editorials Endorsements Op-Ed Readers React Readers Rep David HorseyOpinion L.A.Gun and self-defense statistics that might surprise you -- and the NRANation Obituaries Politics Science Nation NowPolitics NowScience NowObamacare ruling again shows Chief Justice John Roberts' independent streakSupreme Court upholds far-reaching rules against racial discrimination in housingWorld Afghanistan Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Lifestyle Books Comics Crossword Fashion Food Games Health Home & Garden Horoscopes Recipes Sudoku Health+ Lifestyle+ All the RageDaily DishJacket CopyTravel California Europe Hawaii Las Vegas Cruises Mexico Asia Theme Parks Travel+ Deals & NewsDaily Detour: Odd spots, strange trips, great moments in travelAutos L.A. Auto Show Reviews New Car Deals Used Car Deals Print Ads SELL YOUR CAR Real Estate Home & Garden Home Tours Rentals Print Ads SELL YOUR HOME FORSALEBYOWNER Hot PropertyPhotos & Video Photos Video FrameworkDeadly officer-involved shooting on skid rowMarch 7, 1965: 'Bloody Sunday'Autos FIND A JOB Real Estate Rentals Legal Notices Miscellaneous Print Ads Place an Ad Local Deals Travel Offers Los Angeles Ti Photo Store Marketplace Local Listings Sports Gear Media Kit Place an Ad Services About our Ads Portfolio Executive Team Masthead Newsroom Press Events Permissions Archives Careers Media Kit Terms: Update News Tips Site Feedback Submit Letter Readers Rep 







  






