







Brain Games & Brain Training - Lumosity





























Start Training

Log in









Cutting edge science personalized for you
Enjoy games and tools developed by a team of scientists.
Get your Personalized Training Program today.
Get Started Now




  Learn how Lumosity works
















Meet our science team: 40+ years of combined experience




Mike Scanlon, Co-founder
10 years ago, Mike was just a neuroscience student with an idea: what if he could get brain research out of the lab? That idea became Lumosity.





Joe Hardy, PhD, VP of Research
With his background in research and development, Joe joined in 2009 to enrich Lumosity’s research and help create the Human Cognition Project.




Get Started Now









Lumosity is a leader in the science of brain training





Ongoing research
On cognition, physical exercise, sleep, and more





40 university collaborators
Top universities work with us from around the world





70 million members
Lumosity is used (and loved) in over 180 countries





Prestigious research network
Learn about our Human Cognition Project



Learn more about the science







We transform science into delightful games
For centuries, researchers have created tasks that measure cognitive abilities. We’ve adapted some of these tasks and made some of our own, creating 40+ fun games.








The Flanker Task is created by psychologist Charles Eriksen





Lumosity’s Lost in Migration game is developed based on Eriksen’s work










Thurstone’s Punched Holes task is developed as a cognitive test





Speed Pack uses similar principles to challenge visualization skills










The go/no-go task helps psychologists evaluate impulse control





Lumosity releases Robot Factory, based on the go/no-go task











Get Started Now










What You'll Get



A Personal Trainer just for you
Personalized training, based on what we've learned from analyzing aggregated data from 70+ million members.





40+ scientific games
Target a wide variety of cognitive skills. We'll help challenge you in the areas that you care about.





Train on any device
Work out your brain anytime, anywhere. For web, iOS, and Android.







Training Reminders
Get email reminders any day of the week.





Labs
Try out new, experimental tools made by Lumosity scientists.





How You Compare
See how you stack up against members of different ages.





Discover what your brain can do


Get Started Now




About
Contact
Jobs
Press
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Family Plan
Help













