







Mac Rumors: Apple Mac iOS Rumors and News You Care About








































          Got a tip for us? Let us know


a. Send us an email
b. Anonymous form
close (x)




 
 
 
 
 
 






Front Page
Mac Blog
iOS Blog

Roundups 

'Steve Jobs' Movie
AirPort
Apple Car
Apple Pay
Apple TV
Apple Watch
CarPlay
iMac
iOS 8
iOS 8 Features
iOS 9
iPad Air 2
iPad mini 3
iPad Pro
iPhone 6
iPhone 6c (2015)
iPhone 6s (2015)
iPhone 7 (2016)
iPod nano
iPod shuffle
iPod touch
Mac mini
Mac Pro
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
OS X El Capitan
OS X Yosemite
Retina MacBook
Thunderbolt Display
watchOS 2


Buyer's Guide
Forums















iOS 9
OS X El Capitan
watchOS 2
iPhone 6s (2015)
iPad Pro
Apple Car
'Steve Jobs' Movie
Apple Watch
CarPlay
iMac
iOS 8
iOS 8 Features
iPad Air 2
iPad mini 3
iPhone 6
iPhone 6c (2015)
iPhone 7 (2016)
Mac mini
Mac Pro
MacBook Air
OS X Yosemite
Retina MacBook
Apple TV
Thunderbolt Display
MacBook Pro
AirPort
Apple Pay
iPod nano
iPod shuffle
iPod touch
All >









New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac
Resubscribe Now





WWDC 2015: iOS 9, OS X El Capitan, Apple Music
Apple Announces iOS 9 With Proactive Siri, Maps Transit, iPad Multitasking
OS X El Capitan With Split View, Contextual Spotlight, and More Launches in Fall
'Apple Music' Launches June 30 for $9.99/Month, New 'Beats 1' Live Radio


Apple Starts Early Production on Next-Generation iPhones With Force Touch
Friday June 26, 2015 3:35 pm PDT by Juli Clover

              Apple is starting production on its next-generation iPhones, reports Bloomberg, and the new models are equipped with Force Touch capabilities. Force Touch, first introduced with the Apple Watch, is a feature that's able to distinguish between a light tap and a harder press, enabling a range of new gestures.

The two new iPhones will retain the same 4.7 and 5.5-inch display sizes, with an exterior design that's largely unchanged. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has suggested the addition of Force Touch could make the iPhone 0.2mm thicker, but it is unclear if that rumor is accurate.

Apple Inc. has started early production of new iPhone models with a feature called Force Touch, which senses how hard users are pressing down on a screen, people with knowledge of the matter said.

Its newest iPhones, in the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch versions as the current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices, will have a similar exterior design, the people said. Volume manufacturing is scheduled to ramp up as soon as next month, they said.Because the design of the new iPhones will remain the same, Bloomberg's sources believe final assembly will go smoothly, but caution that production volume could be impacted by the supply and yield of displays for the devices. Apple has been working to add Force Touch across its product lineup since unveiling the Apple Watch and has thus far incorporated the feature into the trackpads of the Retina MacBook and Retina MacBook Pro.

Apple is expected to debut its next-generation "iPhone 6s" and "iPhone 6s Plus" in September. Other rumors about the device suggest it could include an improved camera, 7000 series aluminum, and a new rose gold color option.Related roundups: iPhone 6, iPhone 6s (2015) 


123 comments
























Hidden Features in iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan
Friday June 26, 2015 12:53 pm PDT by Juli Clover

              iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan have been available to developers for two weeks now, giving us time to discover all of the little features in both operating systems that weren't discussed during the keynote event. We've created two videos that highlight some of the small but neat additions to iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan, which you can watch below.

Apple's introduced a wide range of feature additions and minor tweaks in iOS 9 that make some very useful improvements to iOS. For example, there's now a Notification Center widget that displays the battery life of connected devices like the Apple Watch, and there's a search bar in the Settings app that lets you find a specific setting very quickly.

A "Back to App" feature lets you swap between apps quickly when you click a notification or a link, and some keyboard changes on the iPad make editing documents a whole lot easier.

 
OS X 10.11 El Capitan has fewer small feature additions, but there are some improvements worth pointing out. The famous rainbow wheel pointer or "beachball," which spins when a program is loading has brighter, more defined colors, and the cursor is now easier to find when waking a Mac from sleep. There's also a revamped Disk Utility window and a dedicated Find My Friends widget for the Notification Center.

 
If you want to see an overview of all of the features in the new operating systems, make sure to check out our roundups: iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 El Capitan. Our dedicated iOS 9 and El Capitan forums are also an excellent resource for learning more about the software we'll all be using in the fall.Related roundups: iOS 9, OS X El Capitan 


94 comments


















Apple Obtains Touch ID-Related Patents From Biometric Security Firm Privaris
Friday June 26, 2015 10:07 am PDT by Joe Rossignol

Apple has been working to acquire the intellectual property assets of Charlottesville, Virginia-based biometric security firm Privaris, according to CNN. Privaris recently transferred 26 of its 31 patents to the iPhone maker, including 4 patents in December 2012 and dozens more in October 2014.

The patents are primarily related to fingerprint and touchscreen technology that could lead to Touch ID improvements on future devices. Last February, well-informed KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo told investors that the next iPhone will have an improved Touch ID with reduced errors."For example, one of Privaris' patents covers the ability to use a touchscreen and fingerprint reader at the same time. Another invention of Privaris' could allow you to open a door with your iPhone by scanning your fingerprint and holding your phone up to a reader, similar to how you pay for items with Apple Pay."While the transferred patents have fueled acquisition rumors, the Privaris website has not been updated since 2010 and seemingly none of the company's senior executives or other employees have updated their LinkedIn profiles with positions at Apple.

Accordingly, it is more likely that Privaris has scaled down or went out of business and Apple has acquired the company's patent portfolio and other intellectual property. However, the possibility of an acquisition cannot be entirely ruled out.

Privaris, which reportedly raised $29 million in funding, developed a lineup of PlusID personal biometric devices to access computers, networks, websites, software, VPNs, secured printers and online apps.

The company has also offered several other products and services related to access control systems, fingerprint authentication, biometric computer security, biometric security software and access cards, all technologies that fall within the realm of Touch ID.

Update: MacRumors has heard Privaris essentially shut down roughly five years ago, so this certainly appears to be a patent portfolio purchase rather than a full acquisition of Privaris by Apple.Tags: Apple, Touch ID, Privaris 


38 comments










AppleCare+ for iPhone, iPad, iPod and Apple Watch Now Covers Batteries That Retain Less Than 80% of Original Capacity
Friday June 26, 2015 5:56 am PDT by Joe Rossignol

              Apple has updated the terms of its AppleCare+ Protection Plan for iPhone, iPad, iPod and Apple Watch to cover batteries that retain less than 80% of their original capacity within the extended warranty period, whereas it previously covered batteries that retained less than 50% of their original capacity. The change applies to AppleCare+ purchased for iPhone, iPad, iPod and all Apple Watch models on April 10, 2015 or later.

 
Apple will replace defective batteries that do not live up to the 80% specification free of charge as long as the device is within its AppleCare+ coverage period. Otherwise, the iPhone maker charges $79 for out-of-warranty battery service for all Apple Watch batteries that retain less than 80% of their original capacity per Apple's diagnostic testing, plus a $6.95 shipping charge if required.

The new battery terms of AppleCare+ for iPhone, iPad, iPod and Apple Watch:"If during the Plan Term, you submit a valid claim by notifying Apple that (i) a defect in materials and workmanship has arisen in the Covered Equipment, or (ii) the capacity of the Covered Equipment’s battery to hold an electrical charge is less than eighty percent (80%) of its original specifications, Apple will either (A) repair the defect at no charge, using new parts or parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (B) exchange the Covered Equipment, with a replacement product that is new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability."AppleCare+ for iPhone, iPad and iPod 

AppleCare+ for iPhone extends the smartphone's warranty coverage to two years from the original date of purchase and provides up to two incidents of accidental damage coverage for a $79 service charge each time. Without AppleCare+, iPhone customers are covered by a limited one-year warranty and 90 days of complimentary phone support. 

 
AppleCare+ for iPad and iPod have the same terms and conditions, although the accidental damage service charges are $49 and $29 per incident respectively.

AppleCare+ for Apple Watch 

Apple has designed the Apple Watch battery to retain up to 80% of its original capacity at 1000 complete charge cycles, which gives the watch's battery a lifespan of about two-and-a-half to three years based on fully charging the wrist-worn device once per day. Apple Watch has all-day battery life of 18 hours on a single charge based on mixed usage, and lasts up to 72 hours in Power Reserve mode.

AppleCare+ extends an Apple Watch's warranty coverage to two years from the date of purchase for the Sport and Watch, and three years for Edition, and provides accidental damage coverage for up to two incidents. Without AppleCare+, purchases of the Apple Watch Sport and the stainless steel Apple Watch are covered by a limited one-year warranty and 90 days of complimentary phone support. 

 
AppleCare+ costs $49, $59 and $1,500 for the Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition models respectively, while accidental damage coverage is subject to an additional service charge of $69 for Sport, $79 for Watch and $1,000 for Edition. Apple also sells AppleCare+ combo plans for Apple Watch and iPhone for $149 (Sport and iPhone), $169 (Watch and iPhone) and $1,600 (Edition and iPhone).Related roundups: Apple Watch, watchOS 2 , Tags: battery life, AppleCare+, warranty 


79 comments










Apple Watch Launches in The Netherlands, Sweden and Thailand on July 17
Friday June 26, 2015 5:04 am PDT by Joe Rossignol

              As the Apple Watch goes on sale in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan today, Apple has quietly announced that The Netherlands, Sweden and Thailand will begin selling the wrist-worn device on July 17. As with other countries, the Apple Watch should be available through the Apple Store, Apple Online Store and possibly select Apple Authorized Resellers.

 
Apple has been slowly catching up on Apple Watch backorders dating back to the April pre-order window, with most models now shipping in 1-2 weeks or less on the Apple Online Store and in-store reservations now available. The 42mm Space Black Apple Watch with Link Bracelet remains one of the more difficult models to obtain, with an estimated 2-3 weeks delivery date on the Apple Online Store.

(Thanks to everyone that tipped this!)Related roundups: Apple Watch, watchOS 2 , Tags: Apple Store, The Netherlands, Sweden, Thailand 


62 comments










Benchmarks Show iPhone Performance Difference When iOS 9's Low Power Mode is Activated
Thursday June 25, 2015 4:42 pm PDT by Juli Clover

              With iOS 9, Apple introduced a Low Power mode, designed to extend battery life when an iPhone's power is running low. According to the feature's description, Low Power mode works by reducing an iPhone's performance and cutting down on background activity.

Geekbench 3 has just been updated to work with iOS 9, letting us get a more detailed look at how Low Power mode works and how much it throttles an iPhone's CPU performance when activated.

Without Low Power mode activated, an iPhone 6 Plus scored 1606 on the single-core processor test and 2891 on the multi-core processor test. When Low Power mode was turned on, the same iPhone 6 Plus scored 1019 on the single-core test and 1751 on the multi-core test, suggesting there's a significant performance reduction when Low Power mode is enabled to save as much battery as possible.

 
Results were similar on an iPhone 5s, with performance reduced by about 40 percent. We saw single/multi-core scores of 1386/2511 without Low Power mode and scores of 816/1405 with Low Power mode turned on.

Low Power mode activates when an iPhone is at 10 or 20 percent battery level, providing a popup that lets users toggle it on quickly. It can also be turned on via the new Battery section of the Settings app. When it's turned on, in addition to lowering CPU speeds, Low Power mode also disables Mail Fetch, Background App Refresh, motion effects, and animated wallpapers.

Indicated by a yellow battery icon, by limiting performance and disabling battery draining features, Low Power mode can extend an iPhone's battery life by up to three hours. Other performance improvements in iOS 9 extend the iPhone's battery by an hour even when Low Power mode is not enabled.

iOS 9 is currently available to developers and will be released to the general public in the fall.

(Thanks, Brandon!)Related roundup: iOS 9 


137 comments










OS X El Capitan Code Hints at 4K 21.5-inch Retina iMac
Thursday June 25, 2015 11:17 am PDT by Juli Clover

              Apple's newest OS X El Capitan beta, released on Tuesday, contains code that may hint at some upcoming Apple product updates. Shared by Pierre Dandumont (via 9to5Mac), the code references a Retina display with a 4096 x 2304 resolution, potentially referring to a future 21.5-inch Retina iMac with a 4K resolution.

 
There's also a mention of Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200, the graphics chipset that accompanies Intel's newest line of Broadwell processors. Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200 and a Broadwell/Skylake processor could potentially be destined for a 4K 21.5-inch Retina iMac, but the chipset is also suitable for a number of notebooks. There's a further mention of AMD Radeon M380 - M395X graphics, which could be used in high-end iMac models.

Apple has updated its 27-inch iMac with a 5K Retina resolution, but the 21.5-inch iMac has thus far remained untouched as Apple has had to wait on appropriate chips for the machine. Apple's plans for the 21.5-inch iMac remain unclear, as Intel has only released two desktop-class Broadwell chips and does not plan to release additional desktop chips. For that reason, a 21.5-inch Retina iMac update could still be months off should Apple opt to wait for Broadwell's successor, Skylake.

 
In addition to pointing towards a potential 21.5-inch iMac upgrade, code in the latest El Capitan beta also hints at a revamped Remote with a multi-touch trackpad that supports scrolling, a dedicated Bluetooth chip, and audio support, potentially for Siri commands. Details on the remote, which will likely accompany the upcoming Apple TV, were first shared in May.Related roundup: iMac 


150 comments










Taylor Swift to Stream Top-Selling Album '1989' on Apple Music
Thursday June 25, 2015 8:31 am PDT by Joe Rossignol

              Taylor Swift has decided to stream her most recent best-selling album "1989" on Apple Music when the music service launches on June 30 next week, just days after Apple reversed course and agreed to pay artists and rights holders on a per-stream basis during the free three-month trial period -- specifically, Apple will pay 0.2 cents for each song streamed during a customer's trial.

Swift says that she has not reached an exclusive deal with Apple Music like Pharrell Williams has for his upcoming single "Freedom" previewed at WWDC, noting that her decision was purely because it was "the first time it's felt right" for her to stream her album. "1989" and other Swift albums remain unavailable to stream through rival service and market leader Spotify.

 
After the events of this week, I've decided to put 1989 on Apple Music...and happily so.— Taylor Swift (@taylorswift13) June 25, 2015In case you're wondering if this is some exclusive deal like you've seen Apple do with other artists, it's not.— Taylor Swift (@taylorswift13) June 25, 2015 This is simply the first time it's felt right in my gut to stream my album. Thank you, Apple, for your change of heart.— Taylor Swift (@taylorswift13) June 25, 2015Swift originally vowed not to stream "1989" through Apple Music because of Apple's plans to not pay artists during the free trial period, although the iPhone maker quickly changed its mind after the pop artist published an open letter on her Tumblr blog that criticized the move on behalf of all indie artists. "We don’t ask you for free iPhones. Please don’t ask us to provide you with our music for no compensation," wrote Swift.

Since changing course, Apple Music has signed over 20,000 indie labels through deals with licensing groups Beggars Group and Merlin earlier this week, and reversed a PR disaster in the process. "We think Apple Music provides artists with a business model that’s good for the long term and we look forward to its launch on June 30," said the music groups after reaching an agreement with Apple.

Apple Music was announced earlier this month as an all-in-one streaming music service, live global radio station and social platform for artists to connect with fans. The subscription-based service will be available for $9.99 per month after a three-month free trial for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac and PC. Apple TV and Android versions of the service will be available in the fall.Tags: Apple Music, Taylor Swift 


284 comments










Beats 1 to Include Programming Blocks From Celebrities Like Elton John, Pharrell, and Dr. Dre
Thursday June 25, 2015 7:20 am PDT by Mitchel Broussard

              News has been swirling around the impending launch of Apple's new streaming music service, Apple Music, for a few weeks now. This morning, it was revealed that rapper Eminem will be the first official guest interviewed by DJ Zane Lowe on the Beats 1 live 24/7 radio show, setting up for a launch next Tuesday, June 30. Today, thanks to an in-depth post from The New York Times, new details regarding the show's programming schedule and celebrity partners have been revealed.

 
Lowe envisions Beats 1 as a sort of social media platform for music, a place where users worldwide can flock to in search of new song discoveries and celebrity interviews and news, akin to platforms like Twitter and Instagram. To tackle such a task, Beats 1 will be broken down into one- and two-hour slots, sometimes hosted and produced by celebrities and musicians themselves.
 “Everyone keeps going to their devices because of fear of missing out,” he said. “I’m constantly going on Instagram, Twitter, wondering what’s going on in my friends’ lives. What am I missing? I want that for radio. What’s on right now, right now, that I didn’t know I wanted to listen to?”

To keep Beats 1 sounding fresh around the world, the station will alternate one- and two-hour programming blocks by established broadcasters with those by musicians and celebrities, who will host and plan the shows themselves. Among the names on board: the teen actor Jaden Smith, the alternative singer St. Vincent, Josh Homme of Queens of the Stone Age and the British electronic duo Disclosure. Small hints were given to the specificities of some of Beats 1's shows, including a Dr. Dre-hosted hour called "The Pharmacy," and a smash-up between eclectic oldies and modern classics hosted by Elton John, suitably titled "Elton John's Rocket Hour." Other celebrity partners with planned shows include Pharrell and Drake, the former with a planned exclusive single for the service and the latter publicly supporting Apple Music on stage at WWDC this year.

The original idea for Beats 1 came from musician -- and key designer of Apple Music -- Trent Reznor, who hoped to expand the window of each individual user's musical tastes, fearing a lack of discovery and creativity in the current landscape of digital downloads. Listening to Lowe's own BBC-hosted radio show led Reznor to eventually helping Apple form and create the idea of Apple Music, and specifically a worldwide "monoculture" of a radio show in Beats 1. “Part of the last three months has been desperately trying to come up with a new word that’s not radio,” Lowe mentioned to The New York Times. “We couldn’t do it.”

Apple Music has faced a few hurdles in the weeks leading up to its big debut, namely in the public criticism of its three-month free trial by musician Taylor Swift, followed immediately by the company's reversal on its no-royalties policy during that period. Those interested should check out The New York Times' full-length feature on Zane Lowe and his addition to Apple Music, which is just five days away from launch.Tags: Apple Music, Beats 1 


73 comments










Apple Removes Civil War Games From App Store Over Confederate Flag Usage [Updated]
Thursday June 25, 2015 6:43 am PDT by Joe Rossignol

              Apple has removed seemingly all Civil War games from the App Store for displaying the Confederate Flag in "offensive and mean-spirited ways," our sister website TouchArcade has learned. Apple has sent a removal letter to affected developers to inform them that their app does not comply with Section 19.1 of the App Store Review Guidelines."19.1 Apps containing references or commentary about a religious, cultural or ethnic group that are defamatory, offensive, mean-spirited or likely to expose the targeted group to harm or violence will be rejected."MacRumors did a spot check of the App Store and can confirm that Apple has removed dozens of Civil War games depicting the Confederate Flag, which has been at the center of a racial controversy ignited by a Charleston, South Carolina church shooting last week. Most educational or generic Civil War apps remain available on the App Store.

 
A sampling of the Civil War games removed from the App Store:

Ultimate General: Gettysburg 
AAA American Civil War Cannon Shooter 
Civil War: Hidden Mysteries 
Civil War The Battle Game 
Civil War Defense 
Civil War Battle Defense 
1861 A Civil War Rebellion 
Civil War: 1862 
Civil War: 1863 

Apple did not immediately respond to request for comment.

Update 12:10 p.m. Pacific Time: In a statement provided to Buzzfeed, Apple has confirmed that it is removing apps that use the Confederate flag in "offensive or mean-spirited ways." Apple is also said to be working with game developers to get the affected apps back in the App Store after replacing the Confederate flag."We have removed apps from the App Store that use the Confederate flag in offensive or mean-spirited ways, which is in violation of our guidelines,” an Apple spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. "We are not removing apps that display the Confederate flag for educational or historical uses."Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum.  All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts.Tags: App Store, Civil War, Confederate Flag 


594 comments










Apple Paying 0.2 Cents for Each Song Streamed Free During Apple Music Trial Period
Wednesday June 24, 2015 6:30 pm PDT by Juli Clover

              Apple will pay record labels 0.2 cents for each song that customers stream for free during the three-month Apple Music free trial, reports The New York Times. The rate is similar to what Spotify pays out for songs accessed through its free streaming tier and does not include a smaller payment made to music publishers for songwriting rights.

Apple is still working to complete deals with publishers, but a second report from Billboard suggests the company may pay out an additional 0.047 cents per stream for song rights, for a total payment of approximately 0.247 cents for each song an Apple Music user listens to.

 
Though Apple did not initially plan to pay labels and publishers during the three month free trial it's providing to customers, it reversed course after both a strongly worded letter from Taylor Swift and negotiation difficulties with independent labels who balked at the terms.

The money that Apple is paying per stream during the trial period is significantly less than what rights holders will receive after Apple Music has paying customers, but it appears to have satisfied many indie labels. As of this morning, Apple signed deals with both Beggars Group and Merlin Network, companies that represent more than 20,000 indie labels and distributors.

Apple Music will officially launch next Tuesday in over 100 countries. All customers will receive a free three month trial, after which time a subscription will be required to access the service. Subscription prices vary by country, but in the U.S., an Apple Music subscription costs $9.99 per month for an individual or $14.99 per month for a family of up to 6 users.Tag: Apple Music 


291 comments










T-Mobile iPhone Users Seeing Frequent Random Restarts and Blue Screens
Wednesday June 24, 2015 2:37 pm PDT by Juli Clover

A growing number of T-Mobile iPhone users are complaining about seeing frequent restarts and "blue screens of death" on their devices, a problem that seems to have begun very recently. MacRumors has received several complaints from readers, and there are also numerous reports of problems on Twitter, Facebook, and reddit.

Affected users are experiencing a split second blue screen that's followed by their devices restarting, and it appears most people who are seeing issues are T-Mobile customers that began having problems last night or this morning. 

Known devices with problems include the iPhone 6 Plus, the iPhone 6, and the iPhone 5s, with restarts happening at 10 to 30 minute intervals. Multiple versions of iOS 8 appear to be affected, including iOS 8.1 and iOS 8.3.Hey guys. So this morning my iPhone 6 (4 months old) started just randomly restarting itself every 20-30 minutes or so. I wasn't even using it most of the time, it was in my pocket at work (could tell because of lock screen that indicated I needed to enter my pin after a restart as opposed to finger ID). At one point I was texting my SO about it, the screen turned blue for maybe 2 seconds and it restarted.It is not clear if T-Mobile recently pushed a carrier update that's causing the problem, but a reddit user who spoke with T-Mobile's support staff said that he got the impression that T-Mobile believes a memory problem might be the cause of the restarts. "The sense I got from the technician is that a) they suspect memory problems, and b) they're getting a lot of calls about it," he wrote.

Some users have had success putting a stop to the restarts with a hard reset, and that's the solution that T-Mobile is recommending to customers who call in. If that doesn't work, T-Mobile is instructing customers to clear out their old text messages and do a factory restore via iTunes.

Update: Many users are reporting that disabling Wi-Fi Calling fixes the issue.Tag: T-Mobile 


289 comments










Archives
Newer Posts
Older Posts














Upcoming




iPhone 6s (2015) Late 2015
Next-generation iPhones likely to focus on internal improvements.





iOS 9 Late 2015
Next major version of iOS coming in fall 2015.





iPad Pro Late 2015
Larger iPad with display of 12-13 inches under development.




watchOS 2 Late 2015





OS X El Capitan Late 2015





'Steve Jobs' Movie October 2015







More MacRumors Stories


Review: Casetify's $70 Apple Watch Bands Can Be Customized With Any Design
20 hours ago on  iOS Blog
Casetify, a company that makes customizable iPhone, iPad, and MacBook cases, has also begun selling Apple Watch bands, which can be printed with any design. Available for both the 38 and 42mm Apple...
9 comments


MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Twist Plus+ World Charging Station for Mac and iOS Devices
20 hours ago on  Mac Blog
For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with OneAdaptr to offer 12 MacRumors readers a chance to win a Twist Plus+ World Charging Station. Priced at $45, the Twist Plus is a very handy...
13 comments


Buyer's Guide: Discounts on iMac, Retina MacBook Pro, Apple Accessories, and More
21 hours ago on  Mac Blog
With the Fourth of July approaching, Best Buy is offering some holiday discounts on Macs, dropping its prices on iMacs and on the 13-inch 2.7GHz/8GB/128GB Retina MacBook Pro. There are a few minor...
3 comments


Disney Launches 'Disney GIF' Keyboard on iOS for Easy GIF Sharing
23 hours ago on  iOS Blog
Disney today announced the launch of its own GIF app, called Disney GIF, that will act as a keyboard extension and allow users to share a huge back catalogue of Disney- and Pixar-themed GIFs in...
12 comments


Reserve Strap to Offer 30 Hours of Extra Apple Watch Battery Life, Launching in November
1 day ago on  iOS Blog
Reserve Strap this week released the official design specifications of its battery-charging Apple Watch band accessory, confirming a shipping date for the $249.99 strap to be November 3, 2015....
39 comments


Troubleshoot Issues on Apple Watch by Backing Up and Restoring
2 days ago on  iOS Blog
No matter how much research and testing goes into ensuring the Apple Watch runs smoothly with no problems, there's always a chance that you will have to perform a few IT-style actions in order to...
12 comments


App Store Search Bug Prevents iPads From Seeing iPhone-Only Apps
2 days ago on  iOS Blog
It appears some iPad users are seeing a bug in the iOS App Store that prevents them from being able to locate and download iPhone-only apps. When using an iPad to search for an app that's only...
17 comments


Apple Updating iTunes U With New Tools for Students and Teachers
2 days ago on  iOS Blog
Apple will today launch a significant upgrade to its iTunes U, reports Re/code. The aim of the update is to improve the tools available for teachers to interact with students, incorporate educational...
12 comments


• T-Mobile's New 'Jump On Demand' Lease Program Allows Up to 3 Smartphone Upgrades Per Year 

• Eminem Provides First Beats 1 Guest Interview With DJ Zane Lowe 

• T-Mobile Simple Choice Plans Updated With 21 GB Soft Cap on Data Usage 

• Pharrell's Single 'Freedom' Will Be Exclusive to Apple Music 

• Apple Pay Confirmed to Have £20 Limit Per Transaction in UK 

• Apple Adds 7 New Flyover Locations to Maps 

• Apple's 'Shot on iPhone 6' Campaign Wins Outdoor Lions Grand Prix at Cannes 



Recent Comments
Mac Rumors Articles
• Apple Starts Early Production on Next-Generation iPhones With Force Touch (123)

• Apple Obtains Touch ID-Related Patents From Biometric Security Firm Privaris (38)

• AppleCare+ for iPhone, iPad, iPod and Apple Watch Now Covers Batteries That Retain Less Than 80% of Original Capacity (79)

• Hidden Features in iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan (94)

• Apple Reverses Course, Will Pay Artists During Apple Music Free Trial (1023)

Mac Blog
• MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Twist Plus+ World Charging Station for Mac and iOS Devices (13)

• Tim Cook Says Diversity is the Future of Apple, Points to More Female-Driven Presence at WWDC (176)

• Some 2015 13" MacBook Pro Users Complain About UI Lag (113)

• Google Improving Chrome for OS X Performance to Better Rival Safari (134)

• Buyer's Guide: Discounts on iMac, Retina MacBook Pro, Apple Accessories, and More (3)

iOS Blog
• Reserve Strap to Offer 30 Hours of Extra Apple Watch Battery Life, Launching in November (39)

• T-Mobile Simple Choice Plans Updated With 21 GB Soft Cap on Data Usage (63)

• Apple Pay Confirmed to Have £20 Limit Per Transaction in UK (89)

• Disney Launches 'Disney GIF' Keyboard on iOS for Easy GIF Sharing (12)

• Review: Casetify's $70 Apple Watch Bands Can Be Customized With Any Design (9)

Buying Tips
• Advice regarding RAM for 13" rMBP (12)

• Help with Buying Decision (4)

• 2015 rMBP 13" for Audio production (1)

• Cheapest Mac with better graphics than HD4850 (512MB) (Late 2009 iMac) (1)

• Shall I change my 13.3" MacBook Air with 12" retina MacBook? (10)

Mac Hardware
• Another Mac Pro 4,1 to 5,1 EFI Update Problem (22)

• Does Anyone Still Use a 2009 Mac Mini? (11)

• Has anyone tried the OWC Accelsior S? (5)

• Mac Pro Help(2013 Late model) (2)

• Most cost effective 5.1 upgrade: 12 core or GTX980? (9)

Mac Software
• Can the photos library be deleted... (0)

• Apple thanks for removing all the radio stations (1)

• ClamXav went Commercial (16)

• Lastpass or 1Password? (141)

• Trouble with Outlook 2011 on a New Macbook (3)

MacBook Air
• Vertical inch and a half inverted color strip on the right side of a macbook air screen from water. (0)

• HELP SPILT WATER ON MY MACBOOK AIR (4)

• Gaming capability (6)

• Recommended place to get top case replaced? (2)

• Just Bought New MBA (3)

Apple TV
• Google Play streaming quality via YouTube?? (1)

• YouTube App can now play videos @ 60fps (39)

• (Any Subler Devs Here?) Subler for iTunes Store Music Metadata (2)

• 2 Apple TVs in a house (29)

• Can iTunes suck anymore than it already does? (87)

iPad
• iPad Air 2 battery only lasting 7 hours!!! (17)

• scratches on aluminium (7)

• Wait or buy ipad mini 3 ??? decision ask ???? (12)

• Getting Max brightness from iPad Air (1)

• Resetting IPad (1)

iPhone
• Whose in....no 2 GB RAM, no 6s? (393)

• How to turn off all sounds from iPhone 6 (27)

• iPhone 6S: Shouldn't Force Touch force the camera in the back to be flush? (2)

• I dont like force touch in next iphone , (20)

• Apple Pay – Incorrect Card Designs (41)

iPod Touch
• iPods can't connect to wifi? (1)

• iPod Touch 5g battery died? How can I retrieve data? (3)

• is a new ipod touch coming out because the current one is 4 years old it was released (8)

• The Future of the iPod touch (243)

• Videos deleted, but no storage was freed. (3)

iPod and iTunes
• Which iPod is best? (13)

• Apple Music subscription with iPod (12)

• iPod Nano shuffle feature starts over each time (4)

• iPOD classic metal back polish ? (2)

• How do you transfer songs from Ipod to new imac? (9)

Mac Gaming
• Insanely Reconsidering WoW (922)

• Cheapest Mac with better than HD4850 (512MB) (Late 2009 iMac) (0)

• Wii Remote (Darwiin) and Portal 2 (3)

• Bootcamp Windows 7 makes MBA way too hot (0)

• Heroes of the Storm (Blizzard Moba) (26)

Mac Programming
• New Programmer: How about trying to learn the way Woz did? (2)

• Write Program to Impersonate Bluetooth Device? (3)

• Programming - Learn with Swift? (50)

• AppleScript Ui scripting (Acrobat menu control issue) (5)

• Access Image Kit framework from Java code (2)

Mac OS X Server
• Does anyone use AC wireless? (27)

• OS X server hardware dilemma (4)

• Xserve RAID drives not showing up in Yosemite (1)

• Xserve RAID - Power On after Power Loss? (3)

• Web Hosting Control Panel for OS X (0)

Digital Video
• AVCHD or mp4 (6)

• FCP 7 - Editing in ProRes422 (7)

• Have a 60fps HDMI frame capture card/box? (0)

• Recording You Tube Videos (12)

• Final Cut Pro X - Preview Window Goes Black Whilst Editing in Project. (34)

Digital Photography
• Photo of the Day June 2015 (472)

• Leica Q? (10)

• If you are not "exhausted" with Taylor Swift (10)

• Is it still possible to buy Aperture? (2)

• Best use of budget- New or used? (6)

Design & Graphics
• Illustrator energy wave brush (0)

• Reverse Image Search Your Graphic Work (3)

• Anyone able to spare a dribbble invite? (1)

• 3D of the day (88)

• dialogue box's will not centre in the screen (0)

Web Development
• Google Analytics is becoming useless with so many spammers. (19)

• Best site builder for ecommerce? (3)

• Best tool for competitor site analytics (2)

• I'm making a website and I need feedback (4)

• Xcode Assistance with Coding (3)

Other Mac Topics
• Advice for Applying to Work in Apple Store (1)

• Apple At-Home Advisor... (Part 2) (3576)

• When did Apple become the boring one (23)

• distant connection (0)

• iCloud (1)

Other News
• Some people just need a lesson (7)

• Samsung unveils a 'transparent' truck (8)

• Divorced Husband Gives Wife Half of Everything He Owns... Literally. (14)

• R.I.P. Patrick MacNee (6)

• U.S. Navy just spent $9.1 million to keep running Windows XP (2)

Community
• [A] The Agency TURN 3 of 5 --  PRE-PLANNING PHASE (849)

• The Car Thread ... ! (1698)

• Should I create Social Media Accounts such as Facebook? (11)

• Sense 8 (Orig Netflix Series) (34)

• Maui Jim Rx Sunglasses are they worth? (43)

Site Comments
• Will there be a dedicated Apple Music forum? (5)

• Migration bug(s): some disappearances of punctuation – en dashes, maybe ellipses … and more (4)

• Bug: whilst drafting a new topic, the 'Insert Quotes…' option may fail to appear (1)

• Getting sick of MacRumors click and bait articles (38)

• Change "Watched Threads" and "Watched Forums" (1)










 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience
        of both consumers and professionals interested in
        the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on
purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms.
Advertise on MacRumors


Our Staff

Arnold Kim
Editorial Director
Email • Twitter 


Eric Slivka
Editor in Chief
Email  • Twitter 


Juli Clover
Editor
Email • Twitter 


Joe Rossignol
Editor
Email • Twitter 


Marianne Schultz
Editor
Email • Twitter


Jordan Golson
Contributing Editor
Email • Twitter 


Husain Sumra
Contributing Editor
Email • Twitter 


Mitchel Broussard
Contributing Editor
Email • Twitter 


Lory Gil
Contributing Writer
Email • Twitter






Links


Touch Arcade

'The Executive' from the Creator of 'Pizza vs. Skeletons' Releases Next WeekWhitaker Trebella of Fixpoint Productions on the Importance of Supporting TouchArcade'Vainglory' Officially Releases July 2nd, Adds Android Support, New Hero, and Much More'Sword Of Asumi' Review - Infiltrate The Dealers, Find The SupplierThe Entire 'Gamebook Adventures' Series Goes On Sale For $0.99 Each'FIFA Mobile' Coming in September, Will Use the Console Engine





AppShopper

Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPadApple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan'Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display'HBO NOW' Subscription Coming to Apple Devices in AprilApple Releases iOS 8.1 with Apple Pay, Photo Album, More







                                Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure

Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD























