




Malcolm Riddoch | :: to the sounds themselves






























:: to the sounds themselves





Search




Main menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
About
Method
Performance
Audio

Recordings


Video
Writings
Contact
 





Post navigation
 Older posts




Sounding the Seismic

November 27, 2013 

 


Thursday, November 28, 2013
7:30pm until 11:00pm
Artist Talk: 7.30pm (free)
Performances start 9pm sharp ($5)
Facebook event
The Auricle presents an evening of seismic sound with Christchurch premiere performances of Stanier Black-Five and Zeug Gezeugt’s Body Waves – a work created from unique recordings of the Christchurch’s earthquakes – and Austrian artist, Klaus Filip’s 36 Days of Earthquake in Japan. The performances will be preceded by a talk by the artists on the music and acoustics of earthquakes.
Body Waves is a work created with the powerful field recordings of earthquakes and seismic phenomena made by Lyttelton sound artist, Stanier Black-Five near the epicentre of the February 22nd 2011 earthquakes. These will be tuned by local electroacoustic artist, Zeug Gezeugt to the unique resonant frequencies of the performance space, creating an infrasonic soundscape in which the audience is immersed in a visceral music that goes beyond the auditory system to be felt in the body.
Body Waves has generated considerable international interest and was the subject of a feature on TV3. After touring Body Waves around the world, the duo will be bringing it back to its Christchurch source for its first and final performance in the city. The event is also celebrating the launch of their Body Waves album by the European Entr’acte label, as well as Avast!, Stanier Black-Five’s solo release on Entr’acte.
They will be joined on the bill by highly regarded Viennese performer, composer and programmer, Klaus Filip who will be performing 36 Days of Earthquake in Japan. In this sonification of the magnitude 9 Japan 2011 earthquake, Filip will be creating a live mix using raw seismological data from four different seismic stations played 4000 times faster to make it audible.
Filip’s installation, Photophon is also being exhibited at the Auricle in the week leading up to the performance. Using the principle of Graham Bell’s invention of the “photophone”, the installation features a direct translation from sound into light and vice versa: you see what you hear, you hear what you see. Listen through headphones as the light signals are transformed into sound and every light bulb transmits a different frequency. The installation can be experienced on Sunday 24th: 2-5pm, Wednesday 27th 12-5pm & Thursday 28th 12-6.30pm
Share:Rachel Cullens  








Whakahou at Club Jigoku, London

September 24, 2013 

 


Stanier Black-Five and Zeug Gezeugt celebrate the end of their European tour at Club Jigoku in London. This will be the UK premiere of their new collaborative work, Whakahou! – sounds rising from the rubble of the earthquake of a city’s demolition, deconstruction and reconstruction.
with
Cementimental
http://www.cementimental.com/
Mothers of the Third Reich
http://mothersofthethirdreich.bandcamp.com/
Plus TEAM PI$$ DJing rhythms from Rihanna to Genocide Organ; Nicki Minaj to Nocturnal Emissions; Gucci Mane to Esplendor Geometrico…
Free Entry
Catch Bar
22 Kingsland Road
London
E2 8DA.
http://thecatchbar.com/event/club-jigoku/
Share:Felicity Jane Tester, Sarah Amazinnia, Dragana Spasich, Christos Michalakos, Jeremy von Kobra, Justyna Burzynska, Andrew Lahman  








Soundquake | salon bruit | Berlin

September 18, 2013 

 


Soundquake | salon bruit.
BODY WAVES BY STANIER BLACK-FIVE & ZEUG GEZEUGT
With:
JIM KAISER
AMANDA GUTIÉRREZ
&
ANTHONY JANAS
Thursday, 19 September, 2013 – 21
Tiefgrund
Laskerstrasse 5, Berlin
Sbahn Ostkreuz
Doors open at 9pm
CONCERTS START AT 10PM SHARP!!!!
Entrance 5 euros
Share:Jonas Linge  







Post navigation
 Older posts








 Recent Posts 

Sounding the Seismic


Whakahou at Club Jigoku, London


Soundquake | salon bruit | Berlin


Noiseangriff #35 18.9.13 | Berlin


BODY WAVES / MONOLITH / EVIL MOISTURE / PARIS


 

Links

Abe Sada
CSSA
Decibel
Enargeia
Facebook
Hidden Shoal Recordings
MySpace
Slow Release Music
SoundCloud
Twitter
Youtube Channel




Categories 
Abe Sada

Audio

Decibel

Enargeia

Performance

Phenomenology

Reviews

Solo

Stanier Black-Five

Studio

Video

Writings

Zeitblut


 


								Content © 2015 Malcolm Riddoch			









 



Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address



Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			







