

Motion Math - games that let kids play with numbers!






 






















































































Teachers
Parents
Support
Sign In

Sign in with Edmodo
Sign in with Google
Create Educator Account


 





mm-logo-notagline



Apple App Store 



Teachers
Parents
Support
Sign In

Sign in with Edmodo
Sign in with Google
Create Educator Account


 




Teacher's best friend! Games & dashboard for delightful K-6 math
Start your free trial!











Teachers love Motion Math for introducing concepts and for  engaging practice





"Helps develop understanding of important mathematics, visually." — Jo Boaler, Professor of Mathematics Education, Stanford Graduate School of Ed





"15% improvement in fractions estimation; 10% improvement in math attitudes" — published study





"Great gameplay and great learning.
Highly recommended." — Dan Meyer, math teacher, writer





"I've seen kids who've struggled for years suddenly understand how the
whole number system works." — Michelle Martin, 4th/5th grade teacher





2014 ON for Learning Award — Common Sense Media





"To hear 'Yes! I got it!' is so rewarding.
You don't hear that when they take a test." — Helen Bruno-Raccuia, 4th grade teacher, P.S. 30 Westerleigh





"Insanely awesome!" — Andrew Stadel, teacher, blogger,
Digital Learning Coach





"My students LOVE Motion Math. They love that they have many games to choose from, and that the games get harder as they play." — Ashley Rollins, 4th grade teacher,
Bridge Point Elementary





"Entertaining, developmentally
appropriate, highly recommended." — Karen Lirenman, 1st grade teacher,
ISTE award winner





"My students enthusiastically
choose Motion Math." — Christopher Warner, 4th grade teacher, Marin Country Day School 





"Highly engaging...the data is reliable because students are invested." — Sarah Fritzke, Response to Intervention math teacher, Jordan Elementary





"One of my students had so much fun playing, he forgot to leave for his next class!" — Hillaray Carroll, 1st grade teacher, Harker School





"My students' addition fluency 
is getting way better!" — Aaron Sime, Kindergarten teacher,
Prairie View Elementary








Educators - sign up, download the Motion Math: Educator app, then use our games and dashboard to make math delightful

Classroom
School
District

(Educator accounts are currently for iPad only)






Parents
Download games for fun, challenging math play

















Email

PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









 


Careers
Press
Blog
About
Contact
 







Terms • Privacy • © 2015, Motion Math
                






