







Free Calorie Counter, Diet & Exercise Journal | MyFitnessPal.com

















































Calorie Counter


Food


Exercise


Apps


Blog


Community


Log In






Lose Weight with MyFitnessPal
The fastest, easiest to use calorie counter app.






Sign up with Email
 

Log In






      Millions of people have lost weight with MyFitnessPal's FREE calorie counter
  

      Get free access to the world's largest nutrition and calorie database — over 5 million foods!
  


Medical studies show that keeping a food journal DOUBLES your weight loss!
Quickly add and log recipes from across the web
Easy and fast
Signup for free, with no strings attached



Lose weight the healthy way
We believe — and medical studies prove — that the best way to lose weight and keep it off is to simply keep track of the foods you eat. Gimmicky machines and fad diets don't work, so we designed a free website and mobile apps that make calorie counting and food tracking easy.






MyFitnessPal really works!
"MFP has been instrumental to my weight loss. I've tried countless times to lose weight but nothing worked. Anything restrictive and I would just gain the weight right back. But MyFitnessPal really works. MFP makes counting calories SO easy. I log onto my iPhone app every day and I'm proud to say I haven't missed a single day of logging in. The community aspect on this site is amazing and I've made some really great friends throughout this journey. I can't wait to continue losing weight with MFP!"

Juliette Willson (julwills)



Featured In






Watch Video


See how quick and easy it is to add food to your diary.




It's easier than you think


  "My trainer recommended MyFitnessPal to me, but I was concerned that is would be too time consuming and difficult to use...But it's easy! After a few days, it's just a couple of clicks and you're done!  If you're serious about fitness or weight loss or eating better, MFP is an excellent way to keep you in check and on track."



  Christina C. (chrisec)












Browse over 5,000,000 food items, and quickly add them to your diary




Over 5 million foods in our database


  "MyFitnessPal has made a tremendous difference in my life!  I love the vast database of food. The huge food database makes it almost impossible to NOT find a food that you're eating.  The recipe counter makes it so much easier to track the nutrition in homemade meals and the exercise tracker lets me see the amount of calories I've worked off for the day. With MyFitnessPal's help, I've lost 75 lbs and I'm still going!  I feel like a whole new woman!"



  Nicole Schroeder (schro151)








MyFitnessPal Mobile
Track your health from anywhere, anytime.
Our web and mobile apps sync automatically, so your diary is always up to date.
AVAILABLE ON

























    Incredible success stories from real people, just like you!
  






  "Thanks to MyFitnessPal, I've rolled back 26 years of weight gain and discovered a life I thought was gone forever."



  John Kilpatrick (jmkpublic)







  "Every pound I lose gives me more confidence, and makes me feel like I can do anything. MFP gave me a life back that I truly believed I had lost."



  Christine Hannon (hchristine)







  "I can honestly say that finding this website has been the best thing to happen to me in my life..."



  Cassie Bailey (superstarcassie)



 


Watch one of our members featured on the Today Show!
Tamara, a 31 year old mother of two, weighed 278 pounds at her all time high.  One busy morning, she got off from work early to celebrate her daughter's birthday.  But by the time she got to the party, she was so exhausted that her husband had to handle the party by himself.  It was that day that she decided to do something about her weight. Tamara's friend April asked her to check out MyFitnessPal, and our free app and website helped her lose 141 pounds. Her story is so amazing that she was featured on the Today Show!  Watch the video on the right to hear Tamara's story, then change your life and start using MyFitnessPal today.



















Tamara used to weigh 278 pounds, and lost 141 pounds using MyFitnessPal!






Go ahead.
Make the first step to a healthier self.
Sign up for a MyFitnessPal Account






 





MyFitnessPal Food Search
Learn more about the food you're eating


 


Arby's
Buffalo Wild Wings
Burger King
California Pizza Kitchen
Cheesecake Factory
Chipotle
Cold Stone Creamery
Dairy Queen
Gatorade
IHOP
KFC
Olive Garden
Panera Bread
Pepsi
Pizza Hut
Red Lobster
Red Robin
Ruby Tuesday
Sonic
Starbucks
Subway
Taco Bell
Taco Time
Wendy's
McDonald's
Jack In The Box
Chili's
Texas Roadhouse
Dunkin Donuts
Papa Johns
Outback Steakhouse
Chick Fil A
Quiznos
Cheerios
Coca Cola
Kentucky Fried Chicken
Applebees
Chinese Food
Tgi Fridays
Almonds
apple
Avocado
Bagel
Banana
Beer
Cantaloupe
Celery
Chicken
Coffee
Cucumber
Egg
Grapes
Liquor
Orange
Pizza
Popcorn
Potato
Shrimp
Strawberry
Sushi
Tomatoes
Vodka
Watermelon
Wine


















English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Português (Brasil)
Italiano
Norsk
Nederlands
Pусский
Svensk
Dansk
한국어
日本語
中文(简体)
中文(台灣)




Calorie Counter


Blog


Terms


Privacy


Contact Us


API


Jobs


Feedback


Community Guidelines


Copyright 2005-2015 MyFitnessPal, Inc.
SheKnows Health & Beauty








Member Login


Log in with Facebook

- or -

Username:



Password:




Remember me next time





Forgot password or username?


        Not a member yet? Sign up now!












