













Featured Content on Myspace

















Myspace


Discover











Sign up
Sign in











Report Abuse
Press Room

© 2014 Myspace LLC.All rights reserved















SHOWTIME VIDEO
Social Media Star "Fat Jew" Introduces the Quirks of Late-Night NYC in '3 AM'


 







COMPLEX VIDEO
Machine Gun Kelly On Diddy, Hangovers and Amber Rose


 




EVERYBODY LOVES A LIST!
The Next Class Of WWE Hall Of Famers (Or Who We Think It Should Be)


 







MYSPACE VIDEO
Spend 24 HRS With MIKA


 














ARTIST OF THE DAY
Guitar Virtuoso Hamish Anderson’s Rock & Roll Blues


 






Q&A
Man Overboard Talk ‘Heavy Love’ and Working With Bill Stevenson


 






























'Heroes' is Back: Watch the 'Heroes Reborn' Trailer
Save the cheerleader, save the world. 























A 'Clueless' Musical is Happening
Nihilo sanctum estne?























Disclosure Releases Trailer For New Album 'Caracal'
'Caracal' is coming.























Rumor Mill: Taylor Swift or Britney Spears For the 2016 Super Bowl Halftime Show
Next up on Taylor Swift's world domination list?























Photographer Thinks Michael Jackson Made an "Appearance" in Storm Clouds Over Virginia
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Pareidolia is a tricky bastard.












Advertisement










The Best in Music & Culture. All In One Place.



Join the Millions of Musicians and Artists on Myspace

Sign Up Today

























Mulder and Scully Are on the Cover of 'Entertainment Weekly'
:')























Heartbreak, Longing and Pop Music Help Shape Portland's Genders
The PDX four-piece is ready for more. 























Rihanna Wants to Be a Serious Fashion Designer
It doesn't look like 'R8' is happening any time soon anyway.























Ryan Gosling Wrote an Open Letter to Costco About Chicken
Who knew he could get even more attractive? 























Watch the Trailer For Netflix's 'Wet Hot American Summer' Series
Anything for more Paul Rudd really. 























Slash's House Looks Exactly What You Think It Looks Like
Is that a pirate ship chandelier? Yes. Yes it is. 









Myspace Exclusives






 




FIVE MINUTES TO THE STAGE
						Sam Smith





































Watch the Official 'Peanuts Movie' Trailer
Snoopy and Charlie and Lucy and Woodstock are back for a new generation.























Pop! Goes LA Songwriter Colette Carr
Set to release her latest EP ‘Static. Start.’ this summer, the LA native brings forth the cheeky fun with her single “Static.”























Small Town Boys Shattered Sun Play a Gigantic Metal Sound 
The six-piece from Alice, Texas will embark on the Rockstar Energy Drink Mayhem Festival on June 27 with Slayer, King Diamond and more.























'Jurassic World' On Track to Reach $1 Billion Mark Faster Than Any Movie Ever
Pretty good for some CGI dinos. 























Janet Jackson Debuts Comeback Single "No Sleeep"
That's "sleep" with three Es, yes. 























Sean "Diddy" Combs Arrested For Attacking Son's Coach
...Celebrities, they're just like us?























'American Horror Story: Hotel' Will Be "Much More Horror-Based"
What to expect this fall from 'AHS'? "Straight horror," says series creator Ryan Murphy.  























Watch Tove Lo's New Video For "Timebomb"
"We're not forever you're not the one / You and I could be the best thing ever"























Walt Jr. Opens and Closes Vivienne Westwood Fashion Show in Milan
NSFW: RJ Mitte made his runway debut for Milan Men's Fashion Week—in Birkenstocks and a boob shirt. 























'Orange is the New Black' Bombshell Ruby Rose Meets Justin Bieber
Twinsies!























Selena Gomez Releases Teaser For Her "Good For You" (Feat. A$AP Rocky) Video
The singer/actress has also released the song in its entirety. 























'Game of Thrones' Director Says That One Character is "Deader Than Dead"
Noooooooooooooooooo.























Heisenberg Dropped By EDC For Above & Beyond's Set
"Say my name."























Myspace Exclusive: DJ/Producer Henrix Drops New Single
Out on Kaskade’s label Arkade, "Drop Low" will lure you to the dance floor this summer.
























Homer and Marge Simpson Address Those Divorce Rumors
EVERYTHING IS FINE.























Does Marvel Want Beyoncé For Their Next Film?
Always say yes to Beyoncé. 























Get Your First Look at 'Fear the Walking Dead'  
Nick is on the run.























Sony Hack Reveals That Spider-Man Contractually Can't Be Gay, Black (Or a Drug Dealer)
The Sony hack is still causing trouble, weeks and weeks later.  























Iggy Azalea is Next Up For Carpool Karaoke With James Corden
Demi Lovato will be a bridesmaid at her wedding—and Nick Young wants R.Kelly to perform? 























The 16 People We Met at iam8bit's 10th Anniversary
Celebrating the video game-centric art gallery's 10-year anniversary as E3 closes out. 























DJ/Producer Abel Ramos Gets Back in the Mix With Love
The Spanish purveyor of big room house talks about EDM’s evolution and drops Beatport fave. 























6 Upcoming Shows/Films Starring Wrestlers (in Non-Wrestling Roles)
John Cena, Kurt Angle, David Batista and co. are jacks of all trades. 























Justin Bieber, Usher Face $10 Million Copyright Lawsuit
Two Virgina songwriters are seeing too many similarities in "Somebody to Love." 























Watch Alan Rickman Inhale Helium and Discuss Harry Potter
Professor Snape does the high-pitched thing. 























Watch the Trailer for 'Kung Fu Panda 3'
Set to AC/DC, of course—Jack Black approved? Probably. 























Odetta Hartman Channels New York City and the Country For '222'
The singer/songwriter's debut EP showcases the unique merger of country and R&B that Hartman has dubbed "Cowboy Soul." 























Celebrities and Politics: 5 Winners, 5 Losers
Celebrities don't always get it their way—just ask Clay Aiken. 























Tyga Releases Song About Uh, Illegal Sex, "Pleazer" 
...Like, you know, with a 17-year-old girlfriend?























Watch All Six 'Star Wars' Films at Once
YouTube user Maurcs has layered all six films into one for your viewing pleasure (?). 























"Scariest Ever" Short Film, 'Lights Out,' to Be Made Into Feature-Length Movie
It was only a matter of time. 























Watch Madonna's Frenzied New Video For "Bitch I'm Madonna" Feat. Nicki Minaj
There's a lot going on: sock puppets, Bey, Rita Ora, Kanye... and is that Chris Rock?























Jimmy Fallon and Jeb Bush Slow Jam the News
“Hello, I’m Governor Jeb Bush, and I’d like to slow jam this news."
























10 Things You Should Know About h099o9
It's pronounced "horror," if you were wondering.























Swedish Synthpop Act Hortlax Cobra Strikes Again
The musical alter-ego of Peter Bjorn and John’s drummer is sinister and strange. 























'Kingdom Hearts III' Trailer Revealed at E3
The Disney X Square Enix collaboration is back for another round. 























Boy Dances Alongside Pharrell During "Happy," Father Screams In Euphoria
Little Dylan's got the moves.























'Rise of the Tomb Raider' Trailer and Gameplay Demo Revealed at E3
Welcome back, Lara Croft. 























Brooklyn Resident Creates Sidewalk Memorial For Fallen 'Game of Thrones' Character
Do we still need a spoiler alert? 























Watch D'Angelo's Full Bonnaroo Set
The 100-minute set was perfection.























ZZ Ward's Music Video For "LOVE 3x" is Here
You'll love love love it.























7 New Country Acts Pop Fans Might Actually Like
Don't declare yourself a country music hater just yet.























Mykki Blanco Reveals He's Been HIV Positive For Five Years
"Like I have too much swag to not be honest about myself and continue to have swag."























Lil Wayne Now a Co-Owner of Tidal
Weezy isn't leaving Cash Money yet, but he's celebrating a new acquisition. 























Telltale Games to Release a 'Walking Dead' Miniseries Based On Michonne
Walkers won't have to wait for the next season to start playing.























'Kindergarten Cop' Getting a Remake
And the remake train rolls on. 























'Jurassic World' Officially Secures Biggest Opening Weekend Ever
The NBA Finals and 'Game of Thrones' finale did not distract audiences from heading back to Jurassic World one more time. 























Taylor Swift's Cat Olivia Benson Got to Meet Its Namesake
Because this is how Taylor Swift's life works. 























Smash Mouth Singer Threatens Fans For Pelting Bread at Him 
Hey now.























'Game of Thrones' Star On That Insane Death and Why They're "Not Coming Back" 
"...I will be really interested to see the audience reaction. I hope it’s not, 'F*ck yes, thank f*ck he’s dead.'”























The 14 People We Met at Los Angeles Pride
"I'm here for the glitter shit show. I just want to be here for the hot mess. Hot mess couture!"























Iggy Azalea Says She Just Scrapped Six Months of Work
Iggy Iggs starts afresh. 























DJ and Producer Yves V. is on the Rise
With his latest single “Magic,” the Belgian native’s takes a top spot on Beatport’s electro house chart. 























YG Shot Three Times in Los Angeles
Thankfully, the Def Jam artist's injuries are not life-threatening. 























Dave Grohl Breaks Leg During Concert, Continues to Sing Anyway
This week in why Dave Grohl rules. 























Charles in Charge: Ranking 9 Memorable Manson Portrayals
All these years later and the lore of Charles Manson is still front and center in Hollywood—presenting nine of the most remarkable and notable roles. 























A 'Gilmore Girls' Movie Might Happen
Stars Hollow reunited. 























Aussie Band In Hearts Wake Reach New Heights
On their latest album 'Skydancer,' the metalcore band fulfills the ambition of its predecessor, 'Earthwalker.'























New Beat Fund Talk ‘Sponge Fingerz’ And Warped Tour
For a band with no genre, these guys got it pretty figured out.























Morrissey: "Obama Seems White Inside"
"Obama has mystified me because he doesn't appear to support black people when they need it most."























Watch as Kit Harrington Judges a Panel of Jon Snow Impersonators
Jon Snow judges Jon Snows.























Marvel Tweets Out New 'Ant-Man' Posters
No hammer? No problem. 























Is Kylie Jenner Working On an Album With Tyga?
...Ah. 























Blake Griffin Explains the Lyrics to "Trap Queen"
"...Well, yeah, it's... one of those things." 























Tom Hanks' Controversial Rapper Son: "My Parents They Be Telling Me Just to Stay Off Social Media"
Rita and Tom attempt to collect their kid. Kinda. Sorta. 























Hulk Hogan's Daughter Says  She Was Terrified of the Undertaker
Brooke Hogan confirms everything we've ever suspected of the Undertaker: He's actually creepy. 























Watch the 'Sesame Street' 'Jurassic Park' Parody
"First time cookie ever tried to eat ME!"























Nick Offerman Declares His Love For Jeff Tweedy
"Finally, I would add that I am in love with him. We are getting married. The end."























Marge and Homer Simpson to Legally Separate
"Marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail."























Watch Kiesza's Dramatic New Video For "Stronger"
Featured on the 'Finding Neverland' concept album, out now. 























Why Are Thousands of Nicki Minaj Cutouts Covering the Steps of a Cathedral in Finland?
Glorious. 























Austin’s the Vanity Credit Their Rock & Roll Sound to a Lot of Hard Work, and Destructive Behavior
The five-piece band deliver a rollicking alt-rock sound to the table.























WWE's Big Show Becomes a Cold-Blooded Killer in 'Vendetta'
Paul "Big Show" Wight goes from the ring to the big screen with 'Vendetta': "It was good for me because it gave me a chance to get off the TV. I think sometimes I’m on TV a little bit too much."























Leafy Chicken Salads With Australian Singer Grace
Australian teen sensation Grace discusses Quincy Jones and her whirlwind success during a visit to New York City.
























FIRST LOOK: Trailer for 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 2' Released
"Snow has to pay for what he's done." *shiver*























Netflix Saves 'Degrassi'
Just when you thought it was over.























LGBT Activists Persuade Iggy Azalea to Cancel Her Pittsburgh Pride Appearance 
Another blow for I-G-G-Y.























Sex Pistols Name and Cover Art  to Be Featured On Credit Cards
You can use it on your Holidays In the Sun. Or something. 























Study Finds That Kids Who Watch 'Sesame Street' Do Better in School
Rubber ducky, you're still the one. 























Rick Famuyiwa On His Diddy and Pharrell-Produced Film 'Dope' 
"I was at a point where I needed to not rewrite a story or come to one that already exists but tell a story that came from me." 























Ten Walls Implodes Own Career After Homophobic Facebook Post
It turns out intolerance isn't great for publicity.























Matt Damon's New Movie 'The Martian' Just Got Its First Trailer
'The Martian' looks like it has all the makings of another out-of-this-world blockbuster.























Ariana Grande Slams The Media For Caring More About Her Men Than Her Music
"I have SO. MUCH. MORE. to talk about."























Ricky Gervais is Making a Movie For Netflix With an Amazing Cast
It looks promising to say the least.























Avicii and Madonna Reportedly Clashed Over 'Rebel Heart' Tracks
When the tabloids are involved, there's always bound to be drama.























NSFW: Miley Cyrus Poses Nude With Her Pet Pig For 'PAPER' Magazine
Just another day for Miley Cyrus. 























Kate Moss Escorted Off Plane For Disruptive Behavior; Calls Pilot "Basic Bitch" On the Way Out
We are so into this story.
















Info
Connections
Comments
Shares














Search Myspace








Your search did not return any results. Please try again.





























You're now in slide show mode.

            Hitting < pauses the slideshow and goes back. 
            Hitting > pauses the slideshow and goes forward. 
            SPACEBAR resumes the slideshow. 
            Press ESC to exit. 





Press ESC to close.

Close







Sign in to Myspace
Use Facebook, Twitter or your email to sign in.
Don't have a Myspace account yet? No worries, joining is easy.






Facebook
Twitter




Email or Username






Password





Forgot password?
 Keep me signed in






Sign In






Forgot your password?








Enter your email or username. We'll email instructions on how to reset your password.

Need help? Learn more about how to retrieve an existing account.































Back
Submit






Password request sent








We've emailed you instructions on how to reset your password. If you don't see it, don't forget to check your spam folder.
Still didnt get it? Go here.



Go to Sign In





Close
















Email or Username




Password Forgot login?







Don’t have an account? Joining is quick and easy.



Join Myspace
Getting in is easy. Use one of your social networks or start fresh with an email address.
Already have a Myspace account? Sign in.


Facebook
Twitter
Email




Join with your email address





Email




Full Name
								





Select Gender
								


Please select
Female
Male
Unspecified






Username
								





Password
								







Email
								





Date of Birth
								

























I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use
		Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy.

Create Account






You're almost ready...
We loaded your account with your Facebook details. Help us with just a few more questions.
You can always edit this or any other info in settings after joining.





Facebook




Username
								





Gender
								


Select one
Female
Male
Unspecified






Email
								





Password
								







 Connect me to Facebook friends and artists on Myspace
								



 Tell my friends about Myspace
								




















I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use
		Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy.

Create Account






You're almost ready...
We loaded your account with your Twitter details. Help us with just a few more questions.
You can always edit this or any other info in settings after joining.





Twitter




Username
								





Date of Birth
								
















Gender
								


Select one
Female
Male
Unspecified






Email
								





Password
								







 Connect me to people I follow on Twitter
								



 Tell my followers about Myspace
								

















I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use
		Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy.

Create Account






















































SEND
































Welcome to Myspace. Just start typing to find music.


























QueueMixesRadio












Radio




















Play Next





Play Last





Start Radio





New Mix






















Press esc to close.

Close
















remove











Camera







Upload Video









remove








Post









Connecting to your webcam.

			You may be prompted by your browser for permission.
		











				No Filter
			


				Grayscale
			


				Sepia
			


				Nostalgia
			


				Hazy Days
			


				Orange
			


				Love
			


				Lomo
			




Filters



Cancel
Next




Myspace Tip close













