
NewsNow.co.uk > The UK's #1 news portal

















































































Careers@NewsNow |


		News@NewsNow
	
 |
Mobile |
Feedback
| Buy |

More 




More

















Filters

Blogs:ShowHideShow Only









Miscellaneous

Make This My Homepage














Hot Topics » Human Rights Actmore






Grantham Journal letter: Human Rights - by definition they belong to us...
Luke de Pulford: Who says the ECHR isn’t British?
Hobbit star Ryan Gage opens Hampton Court garden celebrating Magna Carta as...
What next for Human Rights?
Asylum is a high hurdle. Can aspirants for UK try the EU...
Mr Gove, Here Is Our Statute of Liberty
Any changes to the Human Rights Act must be undertaken with great...
Politics live with Andrew Sparrow: Gove confirms government could leave European convention...
Ministers confirm they are prepared to leave the European Convention on Human...
Welsh writers sign open letter which condemns UK Government plan to scrap...
ECHR ruling suggests publishers liable for defamatory web comments as soon as they appear
Human Rights Act: Share your views

more...












Current Affairsmore






Postscript: David Ford, the bookseller who helped his store turn over a...
Activist takes down Confederate flag outside South Carolina state capitol
Woman Removes Confederate Flag from Outside SC Statehouse
World's ugliest dog winner crowned
Being in the school choir helped me cope with my mother’s death
Swimming pools can give you diarrhea
Armed Forces Day
Three in hospital after city attack
Footballer sacked after 'racist orgy' clip went viral has found new club
VIDEO: Workman gets slammed in face while working on railway line
Who needs Glastonbury? 21 reasons you shouldn't be sad about missing out...
UK weather: Britain set for hottest day EVER with temperatures set to...

more...












World News » Europemore






Eighteen tourists injured after hot air balloon crashes into electricity wire
Iran nuclear talks resume days before deal deadline
Greece's Choice of Disasters
Drone flies abortion pills to Poland
Greece heads toward euro exit
In custody, suspect in French terror attack keeps quiet
Tsipras calls shock referendum
Kurds 'drive IS from border town'
Denmark to get a 1-party minority government
France beheading: Security services knew of suspect's Islamist links but stopped surveillance
Iran talks: 5 key things to watch
Greeks queue outside bank as debt deadline nears

more...












Business & Financemore






Phone bank Atom aiming to raise £75million to fund its launch
Armenia says soldier killed in border clash with Azerbaijan
Germany Second Best To France But When Has That Ever Mattered At The World Cup...
Friday Box Office: 'Inside Out' Tops With $14.9M, 'Max' Earns Solid $4.35M
VIDEO: 'I heard rumours so I'm getting cash'
Quindell in fraud probe threat over its accounting practices
Pension scheme a 'major consideration' for two thirds of workers when choosing...
Relief for Britain's troubled pubs as younger landlords take charge
Goodbye Apple Watch, Hello Again G-Shock
Eurozone ministers hold crisis talks on how to limit Greece's damage to...
Oil Prices And Producers Trapped In Limbo
A Rare Opportunity For Yield And Growth

more...












Technologymore






Celebs and tennis stars attend Wimbledon party
7 Wearable Technology Roles That Will Change The World
Android boxes with HDMI input for video recording
June 30th Gets a Leap Second Because Earth's Rotation is Slowing Down
Taylor Swift may have triumphed, but Apple will still call the tune
You Could Either Game, Work or Surf the Web on Normal Computers, Or These 10...
Streaks is a simple daily task reminder app for Android
So much for rainbows, Zuck: Facebook staff STILL overwhelmingly male and white
WinBeta Podcast Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile, wallpaper, and tough decisions
Janet Jackson is back with a new track — Check it out...
One more quest: How mobile gaming reshaped online RPGs
How this engineer worked his way from a coffee shop to a...

more...












Sciencemore






This Xenomorph T. rex is the Dino Hybrid We’ve Been Waiting For
Shuttle memorial honors crews, orbiters
NASA honors fallen astronauts, lost shuttles
NASA explains why June 30 will get extra second
Fewer tiger subspecies, better protection?
Coil for the next upgrade of the large hadron collider passes tests
Fatalistic beliefs may prevent Appalachian women from completing HPV vaccination series
Scientists identify 'decoy' molecule that could help sharply reduce risk of flu...
New strategies for combatting chronic kidney disease, other long-term conditions
Reflections on the same-sex marriage Supreme Court opinions
What Food Can You Safely Share With An Extra Terrestrial?
The peaks and valleys of silicon

more...












Sportmore






Justise Winslow Slides To Perfect Situation
Fit-again Robson preaches patience
Thiago Santos predicts knockout with hammerfists against Steve Bosse at UFC Fight...
Official: Virgin Racing and DS announcing technical partnership
WWE Network airing special on Finn Bálor ahead of his NXT championship...
Folau re-signs with ARU: report
Valke beat desperate SWD Eagles
No pressure for highest ranked Asian at Wimbledon
Ravi Bopara: England’s forgotten man dreams of Ashes opportunity
Report Claims Sal Alosi Once Got Into a "Fistfight" with Darrelle Revis
Citroen enters FE with Virgin Racing
Schofield happy to stick with hoops

more...












Lifestyle » Consumer Affairsmore






Innocent 70p rail ticket error could leave me with a criminal record
How to get married for less than £1,000
The train passengers who paid too much – because they bought tickets...
IMHO ...: I think it’s time for my son to start looking...
Save £408 by avoiding 'least useful' baby products
Savers must meet stipulations to access best rates
Revealed: the baby products you don’t need
“Innovation is vital to make the pension freedoms a success” – Which? response to NEST’s...
Jury Finds That Anti-LGBT Conversion Therapy Is Fraud
Should holidaymakers worry about a Grexit?
Ofgem: Remove prepayment meter charges
Ofgem demands end of 'unfair' prepayment meter charges

more...












Entertainment & Artsmore






Postscript: David Ford, the bookseller who helped his store turn over a...
TOWIE spoilers: Georgia Kousoulou and Chloe Lewis in tears while the boys...
Jenelle Evans Sexting With Ex Hubby Courtland While Split From Nathan
Embarrassment for East 17 as only 30 people turn up to a tour gig at...
Kim Kardashian Thought Her 'Career Was Over' After Divorce From Kris Humphries
Celebs and tennis stars attend Wimbledon party
Florence Welch's Glastonbury confustion
Guy Ritchie's laugh battle
Guess which comedian headed down to Glastonbury this afternoon?
James Bay: Glastonbury is it's own incredible beast
James Packer packs on the PDA as he leans in to lock...
Family: Should you take your parents to Glastonbury?

more...







NewsNow Classifieds: Top SearchesmoreNHS Jobs
Houses for sale
Used left hand drive vans for sale in UK
Private houses for rent by owner
Damaged repaired cars for sale Cat d
Used cars for sale
Train tickets
Part time Jobs in London
Free games
Houses for rent
Business for sale
Work from Home Jobs UK
Trainers training shoes
BMW 1 Series for sale
Nike free run 2
Michael KORS handbags
Michael KORS rose gold watch
High school musical
Nike air Max 90 white size 5
Nike free run 3





Navigate site



This site works best with JavaScript, but either your browser
does not support it or else it is disabled.



Hot Topics Current AffairsWorld NewsBusiness & FinanceIndustry SectorsTechnologyScienceSport LifestyleEntertainment & Arts


Ad feedback













Log in / FREE Registration





				  Email
				  
				  Password
				  

















Ad feedback

News@NewsNow

A Kuwait Airways plane has diverted to Heathrow after declaring a state of emergency 
A second victim of the Alton Towers crash has had her leg amputated 
Quasi Modo, a pit bull-Dutch shepherd mix, has won the 'World's Ugliest Dog' contest 
Video: President Obama sang 'Amazing Grace' during the eulogy for a victim of the Charleston shootings 
An IS plot to bomb an Armed Forces Day parade has been foiled, according to reports 
The majority of the 38 people killed in the Tunisian terror attack were British, according to the country's prime minister 

	Follow on:
	









Ad feedback








ABOUT US |
SUBSCRIPTION
SERVICES


| ADVERTISE
| PUBLISHER NETWORK
| CLASSIFIEDS
| PRESS



| CLIENT
LOGIN



| MOBILE
| CONTACT US
| CAREERS

		© Copyright 1997 - 2015 NewsNow Publishing Limited. All rights reserved.
		Privacy and Cookie notice.
Legal notice.

	



		News indexed from
		
		sources as at
		,
		auto-refreshing in 
		seconds
		
	
























