









PC Gamer | PC Gamer Reviews, News, & Features






































Sections




News
			



Reviews
			



Hardware
			



Best of
			



LPC
			



Magazine
			





More 



Meet the Team


Privacy Policy


Advertise with Us


Terms and Conditions


Contact Us


Cookie Policy




Select Regions



United States




United Kingdom




Australia

































News
			



Reviews
			



Hardware
			



Best of
			



LPC
			



Magazine
			














































Search






































                        
                            The best games of 2015 so far
                        
                    

Six months in, and it's already been a great year.






			PC Gamer
			


















                        
                            Get a free Steam key for Grimoire: Manastorm
                        
                    

Free FPS wizard-'em-up.






			PC Gamer
			















                        
                            The good and bad of the Arkham Knight debacle
                        
                    

Some days you can get rid of a bomb.






			Chris Thursten
			















                        
                            The cult of Doom: the thriving mod scene behind id's classic
                        
                    

Exploring today's mod scene with id Software's classic shooter.






			Andi Hamilton
			















                        
                            Best of E3 2015 awards
                        
                    

All of our favorite games, reveals, and moments at E3 2015.






			PC Gamer
			















                        
                            The dangers of bad virtual reality
                        
                    

Bad VR reminds us of how incredible good VR is, but it can also muddy the waters of virtual reality as it heads mainstream.






			Wes Fenlon
			















                        
                            Batman: Arkham Knight's launch day issues
                        
                    

These aren't the textures you're looking for.






			Chris Thursten
			















                        
                            Every game at E3 2015 and its PC outlook
                        
                    

We're collecting our coverage of every game shown at E3 2015.






			PC Gamer
			


















                        
                            Star Wars Battlefront: fun, sprawling, worryingly simple
                        
                    

My match of Battlefront's Walker Assault was a good time, but I'm worried its simple weapons won't keep me invested.






			Wes Fenlon
			















                        
                            Watch 25 minutes of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided gameplay
                        
                    

Want to see some Mankind Divided gameplay? Here you go.






			Andy Chalk
			















                        
                            Mods may be the best thing about XCOM 2
                        
                    

Modding XCOM: Enemy Unknown wasn't a simple task, but Firaxis is making it easier this time around.






			Evan Lahti
			















                        
                            Watch the PC Gaming Show
                        
                    

E3's first-ever event dedicated to our fair platform.






			Evan Lahti
			


















                        
                            Mass Effect Andromeda revealed
                        
                    

EA announced Mass Effect Andromeda announced with an exciting trailer.






			Tyler Wilde
			















                        
                            Dark Souls 3 is coming to PC
                        
                    

Dark Souls 3 is coming. To PC.






			Wes Fenlon
			













News Stream





RaceRoom's cars free to drive this weekend







The Division heads to the Dark Zone with its latest trailer







Bethesda may not do another E3 press event








Ruin your weekend with this super disturbing bedtime story from We Happy Few








Star Wars Battlefront closed alpha invitations are in the mail




















                        
                            Galactic Civilizations 2 war report: part three
                        
                    

The War Bastards meet their match.






			Tom Francis
			













                        
                            The week's highs and lows in PC gaming
                        
                    

Every week, the PC Gamer team asks Samuel L. Jackson if he wants to star in their new movie: Hot Takes on a Plane.






			PC Gamer
			




















                        
                            The worst places to live in Cities: Skylines
                        
                    

And you thought your city had problems.






			Christopher Livingston
			












Deus Ex doc looks back at 15 years as voting opens on Mankind Divided goodies








iPhone 6+ and other oversized phones won't fit inside Fallout 4 Pip-Boy







New LoL champion Tahm Kench revealed








Battleborn trailer shows the Borderlandsy MOBA in action








Rocksteady "working like crazy" to help fix Arkham Knight







Pillars of Eternity update 2.0 adds party AI, solo stealth
























                        
                            Cosmic Star Heroine: recapturing the soul of an SNES RPG in 2015
                        
                    

16-bit RPGs may have been on consoles, not PCs, but Cosmic Star Heroine is bringing back that spirit in 2015.






			Wes Fenlon
			






must read





































Total War is having a free weekend, sale








Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 is definitely getting a zombies mode







Zarya goes into action in new Overwatch gameplay video








Fallout 4 preorder paid for with 11 pounds of bottle caps








Peter Moore says EA would delay Star Wars Battlefront if it "isn't right"








Fallout 4 "pretty close to being done"

















                        
                            Cable management 101: how to control cable chaos outside your PC
                        
                    

Wield these cord wrangling tricks to banish cable chaos and make the space behind your desk nice and tidy.






			James Norris
			
















                        
                            I no longer regret my decision: making better choices in Dota 2
                        
                    

You don't get better at making choices unless you practice.






			Chris Thursten
			























                        
                            How to configure Counter-Strike: GO for the maximum advantage
                        
                    

This visual guide will teach you how to set up your game for the maximum competitive advantage.






			PC Gamer
			












 Dying Light doubles down on Destiny-baiting "Drink For DLC" campaign







Perception is happening, new Silent Night mode announced








Behold! It's the XCOM 2 E3 gameplay demo 

















                        
                            Hands-on with Armikrog's incredible claymation world 
                        
                    

Classic adventure gaming gets a claymation twist in Neverhood’s spiritual successor.






			Scott Butterworth
			



















                        
                            Seeing with your ears — the audio of Alien: Isolation
                        
                    

A deep look into the audio design of Alien: Isolation, our 2014 Game of the Year.






			PC Gamer
			










next














More info
 





Select Region:



United States




United Kingdom




Australia





Top PC Games:


Dota 2


League of Legends


Minecraft


Team Fortress 2


Counter-Strike: Global Offensive


Civilisation 5


GTA V




Top Articles:


The Best PC Games of 2014


The Best PC Games of All Time


The Best Skyrim Mods


The Best Steam Skins


Best Free Online PC Games


Most Brutal Mods


Best Co-Op Games


Best RPGs of All Time




Community:


Community sites


Servers


Steam Group


Magazine:


	            		Subscriptions
	            		(US)
(UK)


	            		Buy current issue
	            		(US)
(UK)









PC Gamer is the global authority on PC games. For more than 20 years we have delivered unrivaled coverage, in print and online, of every aspect of PC gaming. Our team of experts brings you trusted reviews, component testing, strange new mods, under-the-radar indie projects and breaking news around-the-clock. From all over the world we report on the stuff that you’ll find most interesting, and gives your PC gaming experience the biggest boost.


Meet the Team


Advertise With Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Contact Us


Cookie Policy





PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and digital publisher.
				Visit our Corporate Site.
			
© Future US, Inc. 4000 Shoreline Court, Suite 400, South San Francisco, California, 94080. All Rights Reserved.



© 2015. Future US. All rights reserved.










































