


PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more

































































































Subscribe
▲







▲













							
						

							
						

							
						



🔎







Home






News
Reviews
How-To
Video


Business

Laptops

Tablets

Phones

Hardware

Security

Software

Gadgets

Subscribe




Resources
Desktops
Phones
Printers
Ultrabooks
Blogs


Antivirus Software
Cameras
Components
Computer Accessories
Consumer Advice
Displays
E-Readers
Flash Drives


Graphics Cards
Hard Drives
Home Theater
Input Devices
Keyboards
Laptop Accessories
Mobile
Networking


Operating Systems
Optical drives
Processors
Servers
Streaming Services
Storage
Tablets
Windows 8



 















Meet the fastest graphics card we've ever tested






My worst week ever with Windows 10 Preview

















AMD Radeon R9 Fury X graphics card review: AMD's long-awaited 4K powerhouse







Hardcore Hardware: We stuffed this PC with 128GB of cutting-edge DDR4 RAM 







If you want Windows 10, get a Windows 7/8.1 PC, already







The 10 most exciting PC games of E3 2015







Just Cause 3, Hitman, Deus Ex, and Tomb Raider: Square Enix's E3 event sticks to PC stars







Review: The Lenovo LaVie Z is crazy-light and surprisingly fast







17 of the most insane PC mods and cases of 2015







5 reasons to switch to Inbox by Gmail, and 4 reasons not to 







Microsoft reorg solidifies role of Surface, HoloLens and other devices to sell Windows





















SEE MORE VIDEOS 







































Latest Stories








 



				Low Power mode in iOS 9 saves battery life by slowing performance
				


				But at least you get to actually use your iPhone's features, rather than enabling Airplane Mode and frantically searching for a power outlet. 
			










 



				Tech throws its weight behind same-sex marriage ruling ... with rainbows and emojis
				


				Companies are voicing support for the U.S. Supreme Court ruling across social media. Facebook has even released a filter for overlaying a rainbow on profile pictures.
			










 



				Former Qualcomm exec sentenced for insider trading
				


				Jing Wang orchestrated a multi-year insider trading scheme while a top official at the company, the DOJ says.
			










 



				AppleCare+ offers easier battery replacements for iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and more
				


				Apple device owners can get their iPhone, iPad or Watch replaced if it stays below 80 percent battery capacity.
			











 



				Cut the cord and leave cable TV behind
				


				Don't be afraid to get rid of your cable. Streaming and download services will ensure that you don't miss any of your favorite shows or movies.
			












 



				OnePlus 2 unveil set for July 27 with virtual reality showcase 
				


				It's another strange marketing move from OnePlus, which is trying to gain credibility while also hold onto its edge.
			











 



				This week in games: Man buys Fallout 4 with bottle caps, The Rock's in Rampage, and more
				


				Plus Destiny tries to get you to drink sugar water, Project CARS 2 is a thing that exists, and...someone recreated the intro to PBS show Arthur in GTA V?
			










 



				FCC's Wheeler defends net neutrality rules, discounts investment fears
				


				Several broadband providers have announced expansions since the FCC passed the regulations, Wheeler says
			











 



				The Internet of Things and the currency of privacy
				


				Getting ready to check the "agree" box on that User Agreement? Read this first.
			










 



				Five to Try: Microsoft Office hits phones, and Geometry Wars 3 is a blast
				


				Work, play, and prospective dog friends: our roundup of new Android apps has it all.
			













 



				Fortnite hands-on: Epic's new PC-exclusive shooter is like twelve games in one
				


				Part Minecraft, part DayZ, part Gears of War—Epic's new game is a katamari wrapped up in other games.
			










 



				Google Drive for Android update lets you share, download multiple files at once
				


				The collaboration interface gets a nice cleanup, with less clutter when sending a file with others.
			










 



				Google is preparing a virtual, online Pride parade with Androidify app update
				


				There is a ton of new clothing and other add-ons to customize your robot or get it ready for Pride weekend.
			










 



				Lenovo's proposed ThinkPad Retro is like stepping back into 1992
				


				Lenovo wants to create a retro ThinkPad laptop that embraces design touches from the clamshell's unassuming past.
			










 



				Lightweight new NUC kits are Intel's cheapest mini-PCs yet
				


				Based on Intel's Braswell processors, the latest bare-bones desktop computers have emerged on Amazon for $129 and up.
			



« older stories








Top Android stories from our new site, Greenbot
			







OnePlus 2 unveil set for July 27 with virtual reality...












Five to Try: Microsoft Office hits phones, and Geometry...










Android 5.1 rolling out to unlocked Moto X Pure Edition to...










Google Drive for Android update lets you share, download...










		PCWorld Digital Magazine







PCWorld's June Digital Edition: 3 Surprisingly Easy Repairs


			Enjoy the best of PCWorld.com in a curated Enhanced Edition for Android, iOS, and Kindle, or in a PDF Replica Edition.     
		



   

   



PCWorld Business






						
							
								
								Browsers
							
							
						
					

Panic Button for Chrome hides your online shenanigans





						
							
								
								Government
							
							
						
					

Instagram said to be back in North Korea





						
							
								
								Business Issues
							
							
						
					

Satya Nadella's new mission for Microsoft: help people 'achieve more'






BrandPosts 

BrandPosts are written and edited by members of our sponsor community. BrandPosts create an opportunity for an individual sponsor to provide insight and commentary from their point-of-view directly to PCWorld's audience. The PCWorld editorial team does not participate in the writing or editing of BrandPosts.
CLOSE













				Cut the cord and leave cable TV behind
				
			













				Securing your computing ecosystem from smartphone to PC
				
			






  

   





















PCWorld
PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.

About Us
Community Standards
Contact Us
Digital Edition Customer Service
 Ad Choices


Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Magazines, eBooks & Apps
RSS
Terms of Service Agreement



PCWorld CATEGORIES

Business
Laptops
Mobile
PC Hardware


Printers
Security
Software
Videos
Windows

IDG Network Sites

Advertise
Careers at IDG
Creative Lab
IDG
Permissions


IDG Consumer & SMB
Knowledge Hub
Macworld
TechHive






Get PCWorld's Digital Editions




    			Follow us 




Visit other IDG sites:


Select One
CIO
Computerworld
CSO
DEMO
Fritterati
Greenbot
IDG Answers
IDG Connect
IDG TechNetwork
IDG.tv
InfoWorld
IT News
ITworld
JavaWorld
Network World
The Industry Standard


© 1998-2015, IDG Consumer & SMB





























 






























