



PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor

























Downloads
Documentation
Get Involved
Help









Getting Started
Introduction
A simple tutorial
Language Reference
Basic syntax
Types
Variables
Constants
Expressions
Operators
Control Structures
Functions
Classes and Objects
Namespaces
Exceptions
Generators
References Explained
Predefined Variables
Predefined Exceptions
Predefined Interfaces and Classes
Context options and parameters
Supported Protocols and Wrappers


Security
Introduction
General considerations
Installed as CGI binary
Installed as an Apache module
Filesystem Security
Database Security
Error Reporting
Using Register Globals
User Submitted Data
Magic Quotes
Hiding PHP
Keeping Current
Features
HTTP authentication with PHP
Cookies
Sessions
Dealing with XForms
Handling file uploads
Using remote files
Connection handling
Persistent Database Connections
Safe Mode
Command line usage
Garbage Collection
DTrace Dynamic Tracing


Function Reference
Affecting PHP's Behaviour
Audio Formats Manipulation
Authentication Services
Command Line Specific Extensions
Compression and Archive Extensions
Credit Card Processing
Cryptography Extensions
Database Extensions
Date and Time Related Extensions
File System Related Extensions
Human Language and Character Encoding Support
Image Processing and Generation
Mail Related Extensions
Mathematical Extensions
Non-Text MIME Output
Process Control Extensions
Other Basic Extensions
Other Services
Search Engine Extensions
Server Specific Extensions
Session Extensions
Text Processing
Variable and Type Related Extensions
Web Services
Windows Only Extensions
XML Manipulation


Keyboard Shortcuts?
This help
j
Next menu item
k
Previous menu item
g p
Previous man page
g n
Next man page
G
Scroll to bottom
g g
Scroll to top
g h
Goto homepage
g s
Goto search(current page)
/
Focus search box











PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development.
Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers everything from your blog to the most popular websites in the world.


Download
5.6.10Release Notes
5.5.26Release Notes
5.4.42Release Notes


 





25 Jun 2015

PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 2 Released





        The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of
        PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 2. This is the second pre-release of the new PHP 7 
        major series. All users of PHP are encouraged to test this version carefully,
        and report any bugs and incompatibilities in the bug tracking system.
     
THIS IS A DEVELOPMENT PREVIEW - DO NOT USE IT IN PRODUCTION!

      Alpha 2 introduces the new Throwable interface and changes to the Exception hierarchy 
      and about 25 bug fixes reported since the first alpha.
     

      PHP 7.0.0 comes with new version of the Zend Engine with features such as (incomplete list):
     

Improved performance: PHP 7 is up to twice as fast as PHP 5.6
Consistent 64-bit support
Many fatal errors are now Exceptions
Removal of old and unsupported SAPIs and extensions
The null coalescing operator (??)
Combined comparison Operator (<=>)
Return Type Declarations
Scalar Type Declarations
Anonymous Classes


      For more information on the new features and other changes, you can read the 
      NEWS file, or the
      UPGRADING file
      for a complete list of upgrading notes. These files can also be found in the release archive.
     

      For source downloads of PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 2 please visit
      the download page, Windows source and binaries
      can be found on windows.php.net/qa/.
     

      The next release will be Beta 1, which is to be released on the 9th of July. You can also 
      read the full list of planned releases on our wiki.
     

        Thank you for helping us make PHP better.
     




11 Jun 2015

PHP 5.4.42 Released




The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of PHP
     5.4.42. Six security-related issues in PHP were fixed in this release,
     as well as several security issues in bundled sqlite library (CVE-2015-3414, CVE-2015-3415, CVE-2015-3416).
     
     All PHP 5.4 users are encouraged to upgrade to this version.
     
For source downloads of PHP 5.4.42 please visit our downloads page,
     Windows binaries can be found on windows.php.net/download/.
     The list of changes is recorded in the ChangeLog.
     




12 Jun 2015

PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 1 Released





        The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of
        PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 1. This release marks the beginning of the PHP 7 major series.
        All users of PHP are encouraged to test this version carefully,
        and report any bugs and incompatibilities in the bug tracking system.
     
THIS IS A DEVELOPMENT PREVIEW - DO NOT USE IT IN PRODUCTION!

      PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 1 comes with new version of the Zend Engine with features such as (incomplete list):
     

Improved performance: PHP 7 is up to twice as fast as PHP 5.6
Consistent 64-bit support
Many fatal errors are now Exceptions
Removal of old and unsupported SAPIs and extensions
The null coalescing operator (??)
Combined comparison Operator (<=>)
Return Type Declarations
Scalar Type Declarations
Anonymous Classes


      For more information on the new features and other changes, you can read the 
      NEWS file, or the
      UPGRADING file
      for a complete list of upgrading notes. These files can also be found in the release archive.
     

      For source downloads of PHP 7.0.0 Alpha 1 please visit
      the download page, Windows sources and binaries
      can be found on windows.php.net/qa/.
     

      The second alpha will be released on the 25th of June. You can also read the full list of
      planned releases on our wiki.
     

        Thank you for helping us make PHP better.
     




11 Jun 2015

PHP 5.6.10 is available




The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of PHP
     5.6.10. Several bugs have been fixed as well as several security issues into some
     bundled libraries (CVE-2015-3414, CVE-2015-3415, CVE-2015-3416, CVE-2015-2325 and CVE-2015-2326).

     All PHP 5.6 users are encouraged to upgrade to this version.
     
For source downloads of PHP 5.6.10 please visit our downloads page,
     Windows binaries can be found on windows.php.net/download/.
     The list of changes is recorded in the ChangeLog.
     




11 Jun 2015

PHP 5.5.26 is available




The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of PHP
     5.5.26. Several bugs have been fixed as well as several security issues into some
     bundled libraries (CVE-2015-3414, CVE-2015-3415, CVE-2015-3416, CVE-2015-2325 and CVE-2015-2326).

     All PHP 5.5 users are encouraged to upgrade to this version.
     
For source downloads of PHP 5.5.26 please visit our downloads page,
     Windows binaries can be found on windows.php.net/download/.
     The list of changes is recorded in the ChangeLog.
     




14 May 2015

PHP 5.6.9 is available




The PHP development team announces the immediate availability of PHP
     5.6.9. Several bugs have been fixed.

     All PHP 5.6 users are encouraged to upgrade to this version.
     
For source downloads of PHP 5.6.9 please visit our downloads page,
     Windows binaries can be found on windows.php.net/download/.
     The list of changes is recorded in the ChangeLog.
   




20 Nov 2013

Our modern web theme goes live!




The PHP web team are delighted to announce the launch of the new web theme that has been
    in beta for many months. Lots of hard work has gone into this release and we will be continually
    improving things over time now that we have migrated away from the legacy theme.
From an aesthetics point of view the general color scheme of the website has been lightened from the
      older dark purple. Lots of borders and links use a similar purple color to attain
      consistency. Fonts are smoother, and colors, contrast and highlighting have significantly improved; especially
      on function reference pages. Code examples should now be much more readable.
The theme is marked up using HTML5 and is generally much more modern. We are using Google Fonts and
      Bootstrap for our theme base.
To provide valuable feedback, you can use the 'Feedback' widget on the side of the page (not visible
      on smartphones) and to report bugs, you can make use of the bugs.php.net
      tracker. Despite our extensive multi-device/multi-browser testing, we may have missed something. So, if you
      spot any issues please do get in touch.
Special thanks to the guys who helped make this happen, you know who you are!




24 Oct 2013

A further update on php.net




We are continuing to work through the repercussions of the php.net malware issue described in a news post earlier today. As part of this, the php.net systems team have audited every server operated by php.net, and have found that two servers were compromised: the server which hosted the www.php.net, static.php.net and git.php.net domains, and was previously suspected based on the JavaScript malware, and the server hosting bugs.php.net. The method by which these servers were compromised is unknown at this time.
All affected services have been migrated off those servers. We have verified that our Git repository was not compromised, and it remains in read only mode as services are brought back up in full.
As it's possible that the attackers may have accessed the private key of the php.net SSL certificate, we have revoked it immediately. We are in the process of getting a new certificate, and expect to restore access to php.net sites that require SSL (including bugs.php.net and wiki.php.net) in the next few hours.
To summarise, the situation right now is that:

JavaScript malware was served to a small percentage of php.net users from the 22nd to the 24th of October 2013.
Neither the source tarball downloads nor the Git repository were modified or compromised.
Two php.net servers were compromised, and have been removed from service. All services have been migrated to new, secure servers.
SSL access to php.net Web sites is temporarily unavailable until a new SSL certificate is issued and installed on the servers that need it.

Over the next few days, we will be taking further action:

php.net users will have their passwords reset. Note that users of PHP are unaffected by this: this is solely for people committing code to projects hosted on svn.php.net or git.php.net.

We will provide a full post mortem in due course, most likely next week. You can also get updates from the official php.net Twitter: @official_php.




24 Oct 2013

A quick update on the status of php.net





     On 24 Oct 2013 06:15:39 +0000 Google started saying www.php.net was hosting
     malware. The Google Webmaster Tools were initially quite delayed in showing
     the reason why and when they did it looked a lot like a false positive
     because we had some minified/obfuscated javascript being dynamically
     injected into userprefs.js. This looked suspicious to us as well, but
     it was actually written to do exactly that so we were quite certain it
     was a false positive, but we kept digging.
     

     It turned out that by combing through the access logs for static.php.net
     it was periodically serving up userprefs.js with the wrong content length
     and then reverting back to the right size after a few minutes. This is due
     to an rsync cron job. So the file was being modified locally and reverted.
     Google's crawler caught one of these small windows where the wrong file
     was being served, but of course, when we looked at it manually it looked
     fine. So more confusion.
     

     We are still investigating how someone caused that file to be changed,
     but in the meantime we have migrated www/static to new clean servers.
     The highest priority is obviously the source code integrity and after
     a quick:
     
git fsck --no-reflog --full --strict

     on all our repos plus manually checking the md5sums of the PHP distribution
     files we see no evidence that the PHP code has been compromised. We have
     a mirror of our git repos on github.com and we will manually check git
     commits as well and have a full post-mortem on the intrusion when we have
     a clearer picture of what happened.
     


Older News Entries 


Upgrading to PHP 5.6
 Upcoming conferencesAFUP ForumPHP 2015Madison PHP Conference 2015ZendCon 2015PHP Barcelona Conference 2015
User Group Events
Special Thanks







              @official_php
            










Copyright © 2001-2015 The PHP Group
My PHP.net
Contact
Other PHP.net sites
Mirror sites
Privacy policy
















