

































Real Estate, Homes for Sale, MLS Listings, Agents | Redfin



























































Buy & Sell


Real Estate Agents

 Real Estate Agents 





 Classes & Events 



 What Is My Home Worth? 
 Will Selling Pay Off? 
 Affordability Calculator 
 Home Selling Guide 
 Home Buying Guide 



 Find Lenders & Inspectors 
 Find Handypeople & Stagers 
 Forums 




  
     Redfin Blog 
     Redfin Development 
     Research Center 









SHOW DEBUG INFO

HIDE DEBUG INFO










Redfin's real estate search requires you to enable JavaScript in your web browser. 
				Learn how.







				
					
					
					
						This is a Redfin real estate agent.She is paid based on your satisfaction, not commission. 
						Find out more.



Find a Home
Sell My Home

















Get a no-obligation consultation on your home's market value.







 Watch Our TV Commercial
				

Redfin Agent Katie Gustafson








Redfin Is Real Estate Redefined

					We’re full-service, local agents who get to know you over coffee and on home tours, and we use online tools to make you smarter and faster. More than 10,000 customers buy or sell a home with us each year. 
			
See Our Story










Buying with Redfin was a triple win: The website was easy to use, the way we set up home tours was efficient, and we even got money back at the end.
Alissa and Pete bought with Redfin





It's so nice to recommend a service that we know is going to be great every time. We tell all our friends: 'You're going to love working with Redfin.'
Renato and Lucy sold and bought with Redfin





We had a great experience thanks to the lack of pressure from our Redfin Agent. A home is a big purchase; we felt like Redfin really got that.
Alice sold and bought with Redfin





We loved that a Redfin Agent could meet us to see a house whenever it worked for us. Flexibility was key since we were house-hunting with a baby.
Casey and Emily sold and bought with Redfin





As first-time homebuyers, we expected negotiations and closing to be more difficult. Our Redfin Agent made it all so easy.
Kaarin and Sasha bought with Redfin






Paid to Put You First

				Redfin surveys every customer, and posts every review online. We base our bonuses on these reviews. This makes us accountable for not just any sale, but the one that’s right for you.
			






See How Much You Can Save With Redfin



				We sell your home for more money than the industry average, 
				When you buy with us, you’ll get second-to-none service and save thousands in closing costs.
				See the numbers for yourself: better results for a lower fee.
			






Know More, Move Faster








Let buyers walk through your home online.



Show your home to more buyers on Redfin.



Schedule home tours on the spot.



Be the first to know about new homes for sale.



Know exactly when buyer interest is spiking.



Close without a hitch.



Turn one offer on your home into a bidding war.






				You'll see every agent-listed home for sale first on Redfin, the most popular brokerage website in the U.S. When you buy or sell with us, the technology goes further: to promote your home to more buyers, to recommend listings you missed, to schedule tours on the spot, to close without a hitch. 
			










 

 





Search for Homes by City



Albuquerque Real Estate


Alexandria Real Estate


Arlington Real Estate


Atlanta Real Estate


Austin Real Estate


Baltimore Real Estate


Baton Rouge Real Estate


Bellevue Real Estate


Bethesda Real Estate


Boston Real Estate


Buffalo Real Estate


Burlington Real Estate


Charleston Real Estate


Charlotte Real Estate


Chicago Real Estate


Cincinnati Real Estate


Cleveland Real Estate


Columbia Real Estate


Columbus Real Estate


Dallas Real Estate


Dayton Real Estate


Denver Real Estate


Detroit Real Estate


Fort Lauderdale Real Estate


Fort Myers Real Estate


Fort Worth Real Estate


Greenville Real Estate


Honolulu Real Estate


Houston Real Estate


Indianapolis Real Estate


Irvine Real Estate


Jacksonville Real Estate


Kirkland Real Estate


Knoxville Real Estate


Lake Tahoe Real Estate


Las Vegas Real Estate


Little Rock Real Estate


Los Angeles Real Estate


Louisville Real Estate


Madison Real Estate


Memphis Real Estate


Miami Real Estate


Milwaukee Real Estate


Minneapolis Real Estate


Nashville Real Estate


Newark Real Estate


Oakland Real Estate


Oklahoma City Real Estate


Omaha Real Estate


Orlando Real Estate


Philadelphia Real Estate


Phoenix Real Estate


Pittsburgh Real Estate


Portland Real Estate


Princeton Real Estate


Providence Real Estate


Raleigh Real Estate


Redmond Real Estate


Richmond Real Estate


Sacramento Real Estate


Salt Lake City Real Estate


San Antonio Real Estate


San Diego Real Estate


San Francisco Real Estate


San Jose Real Estate


Scottsdale Real Estate


Seattle Real Estate


St. Louis Real Estate


Tampa Real Estate


Tucson Real Estate


Virginia Beach Real Estate


Washington, DC Real Estate


White Plains Real Estate


Search for Homes by State




About
Press
Research
Blog
Jobs
Services
Referrals
Mobile
Feedback
Contact Us
Help















Updated September 2014: By searching, you agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and End User License Agreement.


Copyright: © 2015 Redfin. All rights reserved. Patent pending.
 






 


























