




















Cloud Computing, Customer Relationship Management, (CRM) - Salesforce.com India




































CRM—What Is Customer Relationship Management
Customer relationship management (CRM) focuses on your enterprise's number one priority—creating a satisfactory customer experience that will delight your current clients and help you acquire new ones more quickly.
Salesforce India's game changing technology and Customer Relationship Management cloud software addresses all your customer interface concerns, from sales and marketing to customer service, streamlining your enterprise and saving invaluable time and resources.
At Salesforce our Force.com platform delivers state of the art CRM Software-as-a-Service virtually, bestowing your business with all the 21st century speed and efficiency of the cloud computing revolution in India.  

Come join the cloud and transform your customer service with our cutting edge technology. Take our risk free CRM trial now.
CRM India Software
CRM custom software from Salesforce instantly updates your business processes, combining them with people and technology to reveal more about your customers and their behaviour with deeper analysis and insight into critical sales and customer metrics.
How Will Salesforce India Take My Business to the Next Level?
More time. Our customer relationship management software is in the cloud, so it frees up your team from cumbersome admin, data entry, and security updates, allowing them to focus on lead generation, closing deals and gaining expertise.  A greater overview. Salesforce's CRM software streamlines and automates your business processes, providing deep analysis and insight into important sales and client data, ensuring greater client satisfaction.
Client Relationship Management Software for Service And Support
With Salesforce CRM, you can collect customer support requests from different channels, assign cases to the appropriate team or agent, easily recall the best solutions to customer problems, escalate support cases when necessary, direct customers towards web-based solutions, conform to service-level agreements, and identify areas where service can be improved.   

As cloud computing providers, Salesforce India gives your business all the virtual power of 21st century virtual technology: partner/channel management, web communities, award-winning interfaces, point-and-click customisation, and seamless CRM integration.    Come join the cloud and bring your business into the Third Millennium in India!
read more ›





Why  Choose CRM Delivered Online vs. Traditional On-Site CRM Software?
On-site IT departments and old-school software is being rapidly replaced by web-based CRM accessed through a web browser, also known as online CRM, hosted CRM, or on-demand CRM.  Contemporary businesses are turning to Salesforce India for world-beating applications that manage every lead, event and opportunity, making sure that any interaction with new or existing clients is successful and has been recorded—all without having to invest in software that is expensive to install and maintain. With Salesforce.com's pay-as-you-go model, the price of success is enticingly reduced.

Web-Based CRM Pays For Itself More Quickly.  By removing the need for a huge capital investment on IT infrastructure and technical maintenance staff and streamlining existing IT costs, our Customer Relationship Management Software offers a much quicker return on investment.
Web-Based CRM Promises Rapid Time to Value.  Removing the need for a huge capital investment fastracks your Customer Relations success, saving your company money with a much quicker ROI than most CRM software.
Web-Based CRM Offers Quick Deployment.  Hosted CRM implementations can take a few weeks or months, compared to 12 months or longer with traditional client/server CRM tools.
Web-Based CRM Makes Customisation Much Easier.  With online CRM solutions like Salesforce CRM, basic customisations are so simple that even non-technical users can adapt the app in minutes via a point-and-click interface.
Web-Based CRM Provides Unlimited Scalability.  Salesforce.com uses a multitenant approach - there's no single instance of the software, so you can scale your implementation quickly without high costs - or waiting for weeks or months.
Web-Based CRM Features Painless Upgrades. Since deployments of new CRM features are virtually instantaneous and just as easy as upgrades on your favourite consumer or social network site, you're always using the latest version with web-based CRM systems.

read more ›





Topics You Might Be Interested In




Call Center CRM      Call centre CRM from cloud computing providers allow you to manage business in one place.
CRM Case Studies      Use customer relationship management software when targeting CRM solutions for business.
CRM Sales Software      CRM infrastructure as a service offers more ideas to benefit from customer relations Apps.
Web CRM      Salesforce infrastructure as a service brings solutions to web CRM management.






Cloud Computing      Our client relationship management tool gives the right business solution for any company.
CRM Demo      Service as a solution by Salesforce takes care of CRM infrastructure management concerns.
CRM Tools      We are the world leader in on-demand CRM tools crafted to bring customer management software.






CRM      Boost your company CRM goals with customer management software built in the Cloud.
CRM Software Solutions      CRM helps client relationship management issues through cloud computing providers.
CRM Training      Get your valuable CRM training  for timely customer relationship management system.














000 800 001 6000 









								000 800 001 6000 
















								Login
							



								Free Trial
							



								Menu
							








SalesForce




Call us at 































































































































































 







Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM
Service Cloud
Salesforce1 Platform





































































































































































































































































































































































Introducing
 Learn more ›





Get the world’s
#1 CRM sales app.

Free trial ›
Watch demo ›
Small business solutions ›











Introducing:
 View demo ›








Sales


Service


Marketing


Platform











Grow sales faster with the world's #1 sales app.
Welcome to Sales Cloud, built on the Salesforce1 Platform. A new world, and a better way to sell. Where field sales sells only on mobile devices. And inside sales is fed nothing less than the best leads. It’s sales managers knowing which deals will close. And when. A world where lead and contact information is always fresh and complete. And everyone performs like an “A” player.
Learn more about Sales Cloud ›
Watch demo ›Editions & pricing ›Free trial ›











See more apps that can extend the power of your sales team.






Salesforce Work.com
Increase win rates by 17% with the leading sales performance management app. ›




Chatter
Get 39% more collaboration and sell as a team with the leading enterprise social network. ›









Faster service with the world’s #1 customer service app.
Build customer loyalty. Increase first call resolution and  agent productivity. Improve customer satisfaction by 37%. All while delivering amazing customer service from anywhere with Service Cloud, built on the Salesforce1 Platform.
Learn more about Service Cloud ›
Watch demo ›Editions & pricing ›Free trial ›











Take customer service to the next level with our family of products.






Sales Cloud
Get 360-degree views of all your customers and prospects. ›




Marketing Cloud
Connect with your customers wherever they are. ›




Salesforce1 Platform
Quickly build custom, mobile apps to extend your customer service success. ›









Transform consumers into customers across all digital channels.
The Marketing Cloud, built on the Salesforce1 Platform, allows marketers to create 1:1 campaigns like never before. So you can combine traditional digital channels like email, mobile, social, and the web with any conceivable IP-addressable product to turn consumers into customers.
Learn more about 
Marketing Cloud ›
Watch demo ›Get started ›











Take customer relationships to the next level.







ExactTarget Email
Send relevant and engaging emails. ›




ExactTarget Social
Listen, engage, publish, and advertise on social media. ›




ExactTarget Web
Manage mobile and email subscribers in one interface. ›




ExactTarget Mobile
Personalize the customer web experience. ›










Connect to everything with one Customer Platform.
Say hello to one, all-encompassing, completely open, Customer Platform. New APIs and tools make building apps faster to connect with customers, employees, partners, and the next generation of devices and apps.
Learn more about Salesforce1 Platform ›
Watch demo ›Editions & pricing ›Free trial ›











Take the fastest path from ideas to apps.






Platform Services
New APIs and tools for the next generation of devices and products. ›




Mobile Services
Make any app mobile, and turn ideas into apps faster. ›




AppExchange Marketplace
Get going with new pre-built apps made for mobile and more. ›
















Explore the world’s #1 sales, service, and marketing app.


Sales


Service


Marketing


Platform









Grow sales faster with the world’s #1 sales app.


Watch Sales Cloud demo ›




Learn more ›




Editions & pricing ›






Faster service with the world’s #1 customer service app.


Watch Service Cloud demo ›




Learn more ›




Editions & pricing ›






Transform consumers into customers across all digital channels.


Watch Marketing Cloud demos ›




Learn more ›




Get started ›






Connect to everything with one customer platform.


Watch Platform demo ›




Learn more ›




Editions & pricing ›














We’re here to help. Call us and speak directly with a salesforce expert.
+91 080 6720 5349
























Contact
Follow us




000 800 001 6000  |  Contact
|
Careers













			© Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
		

			 
		


Privacy Statement
|
Site Map














 Select region


 




Americas

América Latina (Español)
Brasil (Português)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
United States (English)





Europe, Middle East and Africa

España (Español)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
France (Français)
Italia (Italiano)
Nederland (Nederlands)     
Sverige (Svenska)
United Kingdom (English)
All other countries (English)





Asia Pacific

Australia (English)
India (English)
日本 (日本語)
한국 (한국어)
中国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
All other countries (English)










 







































