
 SFG - Breaking News, Blogs, and Trending Stories on The San Francisco Globe




      











SFG


      
           
    
  iPhone App  ·  Android App









U.S.ScienceImpactNatureTalentHumorFamilyStoriesArtHome








    Gay Marriage Supporters Celebrate Outside Supreme Court After Landmark Ruling 
  

    The Supreme Court on Friday ruled in a 5-to-4 decision that same-sex marriage is protected under the Constitution. 
  

News



 
Family
26 

"I hope he finds out what happened to her he needs closure . The poor family have suffered long enough . i hope they find out what happened"
laura masters
        
        35 ♡

 
News
442 

"If that was my kid, I would of pulled over, and YES, slap that filthy mouth to make sure he isn't able to cuss like that again. I do blame the parents because obviously this is not his first time with using that kind of profanity. Absolutely has no respect towards anyone, even his nasty self."
Dianne Guarino
        
        513 ♡

 
Impact
292 

"Having all those babies were a choice. No government system should have to support ANYONE that chose sexual activity and making babies as a way of life."
writing momma
        
        321 ♡

 
Nature
36 

"This just shows how these beautiful magnificent creatures really do care about each other.  So strong yet so gentle."
Wendy Burford
        
        52 ♡

 
Impact
51 

"Corrective action required, and taken!   Well done Soldier!!"
Tom Dietz
        
        126 ♡

 
Family
41 

"I disagree she asked what the service dog was used for . Just because she couldn't see anything physically wrong . Very rude . As a manager she should be educated , I agree with that . At least the company tried to make things right with our vets"
Miki Keefer
        
        16 ♡

 
Impact
149 

"How sad.  Those two little girls on the bench seemed younger and much more intelligent.  
This child is a product of hate.
God help him."
ester favreau
        
        75 ♡

 
Family
58 

"I doubt very much that it "caused an uproar." I really hate these overly-dramatic subtitles for stories on here - especially that the female authors of these subtitles and summaries are constantly referring to dramatic reactions involving tears or crying. Tone it down a little, okay?"
Lisa Holmes
        
        131 ♡

 
Talent
35 

"That is Absolutly most fantastic Amazing incredible thing I've ever seen....WOW"
Tracey Trujillo
        
        16 ♡

 
News
61 

"Put a rope around her neck, strip her naked and let me drag her around like a damn dog...she doesn't deserve a child, she belongs in jail."
christie washburn
        
        163 ♡

 
Impact
91 

"I'd have killed the fucker"
steve smith
        
        152 ♡

 
Family
49 

"Absolutely beautiful!! Keep that pure and unconditional love sweet girl! You could teach some people a thing or two about genuine kindness and love"
sharon Driggers
        
        74 ♡

 
Impact
64 

"Good for her  he had it coming but she should have kick him in the balls"
bruce howe
        
        113 ♡

 
News
292 

"Bitch better be fired and never to work in nursing ever again!!"
Colleen Garrett
        
        192 ♡

 
News
56 

"Should have never been said some people are sensitive to "jokes" of that nature and the officer may have not been in a playing mood especially after a long shift so of course he doesn't think that the "comical joker" is humorous"
S White
        
        34 ♡

 
Impact
39 

"Hell yeah he did the right thing. I don't think the robbers would have thought twice about killing them. Protect your family!!"
Tisha Novak
        
        159 ♡


 


      Supreme Court Votes To Uphold Nationwide Health Care Subsidies
    

      The Supreme Court on Thursday voted to uphold the nationwide tax subsidies provided under President Obama's health care law. 
    

News


 


      Charleston Mayor Calls For Removal Of Confederate Flag At State Capitol 
    

      Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley spoke at a press conference on Monday calling for the removal of the Confederate flag from the South Carolina State Capitol. 
    

News


 


      Charleston Shooter Dylann Roof Charged With Nine Counts Of Murder
    

      Dylann Roof has admitted to shooting and killing nine people at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church on Wednesday.
    

News


 


      Shooting Suspect Arrested In Charleston Church Attack That Killed Nine
    

      Police on Thursday arrested the gunman who killed nine people at a predominantly black church in Charleston the night before. 
    

News


 


      Donald Trump Launches Campaign For President 
    

      Real estate mogul and reality television star Donald Trump announced Tuesday that he will be running for president in 2016. 
    

News


 


      NAACP Leader Rachel Dolezal Resigns Amid Race Scandal 
    

      Rachel Dolezal, president of the NAACP Spokane chapter, has resigned amid allegations that she has been falsely presenting herself as black for years. 
    

News


 


      White NAACP Leader Pretended To Be Black For Years 
    

      Rachel Dolezal, president of the Spokane chapter of the NAACP, has been pretending to be a black woman for years, according to her family. 
    

News


 


      Manhunt Ensues For Escaped Killers: What We Know So Far 
    

      Authorities are still searching for two convicted murderers who escaped from the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora over the weekend. 
    

News


 


      President Obama Deploys 450 Troops To Iraq Following ISIS Advancement 
    

      The White House announced on Wednesday that it will be deploying 450 troops to Iraq following recent Islamic State advancements in the region.
    

News


 


      Dennis Hastert Appears In Court For Hush Money Case 
    

      Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert (R - Illinois) is scheduled to make his first court appearance on Tuesday, almost two weeks after being indicted for allegedly paying $3.5 million to someone to keep quiet about sexual abuse allegations.
    

News


 


      Two Convicted Murderers Escape From New York Prison 
    

      Two convicted murderers are at large after escaping from the Clinton Correctional Facility in New York over the weekend. 
    

News



 
  Welcome to SFG
    
      Stay up to date on breaking news, opinion, and trending stories with The San Francisco Globe.
    








  	    Pacific Rim Trade Legislation Clears Key Senate Vote  
  	  







  	    Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Appears In Court For Formal Sentencing
  	  







  	    Uber Drivers Are Employees, Not Independent Contractors, According to California
  	  







  	    Data Breach Detected At Department Of Homeland Security 
  	  







  	    Nine Dead After Biker Gang Shootout In Waco, Texas 
  	  







  	    Wreckage Of U.S. Marine Helicopter Found In Nepal, No Expected Survivors
  	  







  	    Justice Department Launches Probe Into Baltimore Police Department
  	  







  	    Police Officer Charged With Murder After Graphic Video Surfaces
  	  







  	    'He Wanted To Punish America:' Jury Hears Closing Statements In Tsarnaev Trial
  	  







  	    Arkansas Governor Demands Changes To Religious Freedom Bill 
  	  







  	    Amid Backlash, Indiana Governor Mike Pence Alters Indiana Religious Freedom Act
  	  







  	    Germanwings Co-Pilot Previously Treated For Suicidal Tendencies
  	  







  	    150 Dead After Plane Crashes In The French Alps
  	  







  	    Craigslist Attacker Lured Pregnant Woman To Her Home Then Stole Baby Out Of Womb
  	  







  	    19 Killed, Mostly Tourists, In Attack On Tunisian Museum 
  	  







  	    Netanyahu Says There Will Be No Palestinian State If Re-Elected 
  	  







  	    Man Describes Being Carjacked By Boston Marathon Bomber
  	  







  	    Two University Of Oklahoma Students Expelled Over Racist Video 
  	  







  	    Robin Thicke And Pharrell Williams Will Pay $7.3M Over 'Blurred Lines' Lawsuit
  	  







  	    Hillary Clinton Breaks Silence On Private Email Scandal
  	  


 





next




Company
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us



What We Love














 






Follow @theSFGlobe





 
SFG

      Copyright © 2014 SFG Media Group, LLC.   All rights reserved
      
      Made with love in San Francisco 



        We






