 




Ecommerce Software, Online Store Builder, Website Store Hosting Solution- Free 14 day Trial by Shopify.












































Shopify Ecommerce - Shopping Cart & Software
Home



Open Menu


Features


Examples


Pricing


POS


Resources


Blog


Documentation


Support


Forums


Theme Store


App Store


Shopify Experts


Partners




Login



 
 
 




Use Shopify to create your online store.

          India's Ecommerce Leader
        
Watch the Shopify video



          Create your store now
        

          Developers/Designers
        













India's Preferred  Ecommerce Platform
Business owners across India run successful Shopify stores. You can sell fashion, electronics, sporting goods, furniture, even food.
Here are some beautiful Shopify stores owned and operated in India:

Yellow Fashion
PosterGully


The Beach Company
XTEAS


Mandira Bedi Designs
Pinkshink









What payment gatewaysare supported in India?


2Checkout
Airpay
Citrus Payments
GoCoin
MasterCard Internet Gateway Service (MiGS)
PayDollar
PayU India
PayU Money




Can I use a .in domain namefor my shop?

Absolutely, Shopify works with .in, .com, and all other domain names.
Once you've signed up for Shopify, you can either register a new .in domain name in our system, or setup your existing domain to link to your new Shopify store.



Does Shopify handleinternational shipping?

Yes, Shopify allows you to set up shipping rates for all regions all over the world. Rates can be customized by price or weight.
We also handle Carrier Calculated rates for your North American customers.









All the features you want, none of the clutter.
Shopify handles all the hassles of online retail.





Total control over your site’s design
Choose from over 100 templates or create a custom-designed theme for your store.



Fully hosted online shopping cart 
Shopify provides a secure shopping cart that lets you instantly accept credit cards and PayPal payments.







State-of-the-art security
Shopify is Level 1 PCI compliant and uses 128 bit SSL encryption to ensure credit card data is secure.



Accept global currencies
Expand your business worldwide. Shopify stores can accept payment from around the world.










Shopify powers over 150,000 successful stores.
These are just a few of our happy customers.






View Screenshot
Visit Website



Pop Chart Lab
Stunning infographics, prints and apparel. This simple custom template effectively showcases their unique works of art.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Hard Graft
This UK-based lifestyle and tech accessory company uses a stunning and simple custom template to showcase their products, complete with rich photography.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Tattly
Uniquely designed temporary tattoos. This custom ecommerce template incorporates clever usage of the hover property on all their product thumbnails.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Hiut Denim Co
Build your own custom pair of jeans with Hiut Denim Co's cleverly designed custom theme. Full-sized background photography helps tell the company's story.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



BlackMilk
BlackMilk's simple custom template lets their incredibly creative legging designs take the spotlight.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Luhse Tea
The bagless tea movement is here! This award winning custom design makes it irresistible not to explore more about their tea brand.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



So Worth Loving
Making unique clothing and accessories that make you feel loved. Take a peek at their custom template’s creative navigation bar.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Forty Ninth Parallel
This richly textured custom template fits perfectly with Forty Ninth Parallel's richly flavoured coffee.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Good as Gold
New Zealand’s premier online fashion boutique. This unique custom template begs visitors to click through by filling the screen with products.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



SMS Audio
A high-tech custom template that matches 50 Cent's glossy new line of headphones.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Litter
San Francisco's answer to vintage-inspired head and body jewelry. Features a photograph-heavy custom template that reflects Litter's personality.




View Screenshot
Visit Website



Jaxon Home
An iconic stop for beautiful, modern furniture, customizable and handmade with care.












Run your store online, in-person, and on the go
Shopify automatically syncs your store's data





Manage your store on the go with Shopify Mobile
Shopify Mobile makes it easy to run your business from wherever you are. Use your phone to update your store, manage inventory, fulfill orders, or contact a customer.







Sell at your retail location with Shopify POS
Use Shopify POS, an iPad point of sale system, to sell your products in a retail setting. Shopify automatically syncs all your products, inventory, orders, and customers between your ecommerce site and your retail store
Learn more about Shopify POS









The highest standards. The happiest customers.
Rated the #1 ecommerce system by store-owners and journalists alike.





I am only 48 hours into this e-commerce experiment but I am seriously happy about running our store on Shopify. Powerful features and easy to set up, running an online store shouldn't be this much fun!


 Designer, Founder of www.tattly.com




Shopify is one of those tools that every entrepreneur should be using. With this easy to use ecommerce solution, entrepreneurs save time and money, so they can focus on other aspects of their business.


 Star of ABC’s Shark Tank, Founder of FUBU



Featured in the press by








Start your free, no-risk, 14 day trial! Create your store now










        Build a secure and customizable ecommerce website for your brand.
      

        Try the leading global ecommerce solution with over 150,000 successful merchants.
      





      Continue to Shopify
    







        Just starting out? Test your product for free with Spaces.
      

        Easily create landing pages to sell products, subscription services or digital downloads. It's simply the best way to validate and build a new business. The first $50 USD you earn each month is always free of charge.



      Sell with Spaces
    















Overview
Feature Tour
Sell Online
Online Store
Store Design
Shopping Cart
Ecommerce Hosting
Marketing & SEO
Mobile Commerce
App Store
Feature List
Credit Card Processing
FAQ




Point of Sale
POS System
Features
POS Software
Hardware
Setup
Retail Software
FAQ
Apple Pay




Resources
Shopify Docs
24/7 Support
Ecommerce Forums
App Store
Theme Store
Shopify Experts
API Documentation
Ecommerce Plugins
Shopify Partner Program
Business Tools





Shopify
Contact Us
About Us
Careers
Press
Investors
Testimonials
Store
Canada
United Kingdom
Australia
New Zealand




Social


 Facebook
              



 Twitter
              



 YouTube
              



 Google+
              



 LinkedIn
              



 Pinterest
              



 Instagram
              







© 2006-2015 Shopify Inc.   Terms of Service   Privacy  
              
                Sitemap

Ecommerce Software by Shopify — A shop in minutes, a business for life™

View www.shopify.com


















Close


Ecommerce Software Solutions - Shopify
Sign up for a free, no risk, 14-day trial!



Please enter a store name
Your store name must be at least 4 characters
A store with that name already exists, if you are the owner you can log in here.

Start your free 14-day trial today!(you can change your store name afterwards)



Please enter a valid email address
Did you mean ?



Password must be at least 5 characters
Password cannot contain spaces























































