














 



Skillshare



 








: Skillshare uses Javascript for some of its core functionality. It is highly recommended that you turn on Javascript in your preferences and reload the page.
















Sign In
Get Started For Free








Sign In













Sign In











Learning for Creators
Unlimited online classes. Free 30-day trial.

Get Started For Free







Learn from Creative Professionals and Companies
Explore over a thousand classes from design to business and more.














Pattern Design I: Creating Inspiring Repeats


                    By Elizabeth Olwen, Surface Pattern Designer
                

















Data Visualization: Designing Maps with Processing and Illustrator


                    By Nicholas Felton, Information Designer
                

















The First Steps of Hand-Lettering: Concept to Sketch (Lettering I)


                    By Mary Kate McDevitt, Letterer
                

















Getting Started with Email Marketing


                    By Allyson Van Houten, Product Marketing Lead
                

















The Possibilities of Instagram: Sharing Your Best Photos


                    By Tyson Wheatley, Photographer, Journalist, Dad
                

















Context is Key: Social Media Strategy in a Noisy Online World


                    By Gary Vaynerchuk, CEO of VaynerMedia
                

















Knitting 101: Create A Timeless Snood


                    By Brit + Co, Unlocking creativity in women. 
                

















Sound Check: The Essentials of DIY Audio Mixing


                    By Young Guru, Grammy-Nominated, Legendary Audio Engineer
                

















Creative Nonfiction: Write Truth with Style


                    By Susan Orlean, Staff Writer, The New Yorker
                

















The Beginner's Guide to Animating Custom GIFs


                    By Jake Bartlett, Motion Graphics Artist
                

















The Golden Secrets of Hand-Lettering: Create the Perfect Postcard


                    By Martina Flor, Letterer & Designer
                

















How to Sketch Like an Industrial Designer


                    By Julia Troy, Design Director
                

















Street Photography: Capture the Life of Your City


                    By Trashhand ., Cityscape Photographer 
                

















MEAT: Select, Prepare, and Enjoy Your Favorite Cuts


                    By Patrick LaFrieda, Meat Purveyor, Pat LaFrieda Meats
                




















Join a Community of 1 Million Students

Explore over 1,000+ classes, from design to business and more.

Self-Paced
Watch classes on your own schedule.
Real Projects
Showcase your skills by applying what you learn.
Bite-Sized Lessons
Complete most classes in under an hour.














Learn from Anywhere

Sync your progress on your computer, phone or tablet. Watch offline - on a plane, the subway, anywhere.



 









Try Skillshare Premium, Free for 30 Days






1415 Online Classes
Unlimited access to all of our classes.



Watch Offline
Download video lessons to your tablet or mobile device. No connection needed.



Supports Teachers
50% of your membership pays our teachers every month.





Premium Badge
Show everyone you support our teachers with a shiny new profile badge.



Vibrant Community
Learn with 1M students from around the world.



No Ads
Learn without interruptions.




Get Started For Free











Buy One, Give One

For every annual membership purchased, we give one to a student through our scholarship program.













Company

About
Careers
Press
Contact
Blog
Mobile



Community

Membership
Organizations
Refer a Friend
Guidelines
Scholarships
Discussions



Teaching

Become a Teacher
Teaching Handbook
Teacher Academy
Stories
Partnerships



Mobile







 































