


slimspots - slim and easy publishing































spots




Overview
Advertisers
Publishers
Register
FAQ
Contact
Login





























Reliable Stats

					Always be informed of what is going on. Our stats show exactly how much traffic you send and how much you have earned. We will provide you with a detailed performance report of your websites and/or advertising spots right down to the performance of each country.
				
view details



Publishers

					Being a publisher is a business which you already know. So why waste your time testing different affiliates? 
					
					Moreover, you won't be able to cover all GEOs. Focus on your priorities and we will turn your traffic into revenue while you can focus on other more important stuff.
				
sign up



Media Buyers

					Are you are a media buyer? Are you tired of constantly handling an ever-growing list of contacts and forever hunting for higher payouts and losing time? If yes, then slimspots is the right choice for you. Benefit from the best deals in the industry and partner with us today.
				
sign up



Register now

					Stop wasting precious time and resources searching for new offers. Stop losing money testing affiliates and comparing results. Start focusing on being a webmaster and taking care of your traffic. 
					
					slimspots is the easiest way to earn money.
                
register now












Why you should work with us

The best combination  for you. PPL/PPS/RevShare.

						slimspots permanently ensures that your traffic revenue is balanced. Besides PPL Campaigns which reap quick cash, we also provide PPS and RevShare campaigns which ensure long-term revenues.
					

Boost your income on Mobile & Desktop.

						As a publisher, not only will you benefit from higher payouts, we will also turn nearly all the traffic channels you can think of into revenue.
					

Stop losing money. Register today!

						Stop wasting your precious time and resources searching for new offers. Stop losing money testing different affiliates and comparing results. Start focusing on being a webmaster and taking care of your traffic.slimspots is the easiest way to earn money.Every day, our team of experienced online, mobile and web marketing experts, which has a total combined experience of nearly 30 years in online advertising and publishing, looks for the best offers and highest payouts for you. Benefit today and get a real moneymaker!
					
 








		© 2015 slimspots.
		


 

