



Student Loan Consolidation and Refinancing | SoFi





































SoFi.com

Login
Home

Borrow


Student Loan Refinancing
Mortgages
Mortgage Refinancing
Personal Loans
Parent Loans
Parent PLUS Refinancing
MBA Loans


Easy Experience

                Simple online application
                and access to live customer
                support 7 days a week.
              
Find My Rate



Invest

Community


Member Stories
Career Services
Entrepreneur Program
Referral Program




Resources


Blog
FAQ
Consolidate vs. Refinance
Student Loan Refinance Guide




About Us


Who We Are
Press
Careers





Find My Rate








So the life of your loan isn’t your life
Refinance your federal and private student loans and you could save around $14K2.
Find My Rate

            Learn More







A dream mortgage for your dream home
With 10% down mortgages, you’ll get your dream home sooner.
Find My Rate

            Learn More







So high interest won’t interfere with other interests
Personal loan fixed rates start at 5.50% APR (with AutoPay).
Find My Rate

            Learn More








      Student Loan Refinancing
    


      Mortgages
    


      Personal Loans
    





Experience Smarter Lending

        You’re constantly moving forward - you deserve a lender that looks forward with you. SoFi is a leading marketplace lender focused on accelerating your success, with student loan refinancing, mortgages, mortgage refinancing, and personal loans. Unlike traditional lenders, we offer a suite of benefits to help our members get ahead. No wonder we've been trusted to fund over $3 billion in loans to date.
      






Why SoFi?





UniqueProducts

A suite of products geared towards individuals. Lower rates and flexible terms you can’t find anywhere else.





EasyExperience

Simple online application and access to live customer support 7 days a week. No application fees.





MemberBenefits

A network of like-minded people. Career support, unemployment protection3 and entrepreneur programs.








Hear From Our Members

        With benefits like career coaching, unemployment protection3 and entrepreneur programs, our members have a lot to say.
      





              “SoFi had competitive rates, excellent customer service and an easy process using the latest technologies.”
            
Kyle Lui
Northern California
Mortgage






              “The process was so easy and the turnaround was extremely fast, enabling me to meet a tight payment deadline.”
            
Susan Devine
Southern California
Personal Loan






              “I know I’m making progress and [SoFi has] given me the freedom to invest that money in other assets.”
            
Dr. Jared Pool
University of the Pacific
Student Loan Refinancing






              “I was so impressed that I moved my loans to SoFi and became part of the Entrepreneur's Program.”
            
Jen Kessler
Stanford
Student Loan Refinancing






              “SoFi customer service was fantastic - I got replies immediately either by email or phone.”
            
Sushil Vundavalli
University of Texas, Austin
Student Loan Refinancing






              “SoFi really caters to first-time homebuyers with personalized customer service, competitive rates and a very simple process.”
            
Jeff Patmont
Northern California
Mortgage




        View Member Stories







How We Do It

        Our unique approach to underwriting takes a number of dimensions into consideration, including professional accomplishments, income, and education, so we can keep your debt as low as our rates.
      



EmploymentHistory



Income



CreditRating



Education



        Find My Rate









          SoFi chosen as one of the CNBC Disruptor 50 for 2015
        

View All Press







Questions?
Call us for a loan consultation
1.855.456.7634



1.844.763.4466 - Mortgage Support
1.855.456.7634 - Customer Support
Mon-Thu 7:00 AM - 8:00 PM PT
Fri 7:00 AM - 4:00 PM PT
Sat-Sun 7:00 AM - 2:00 PM PT



SoFi

            One Letterman Drive
            Building A, Suite 4700
            San Francisco, CA 94129
          




Who We Are
Careers
Contact Us
Press
FAQs


Eligibility Criteria
Consolidation vs. Refinancing
Referral Program
Campus Relations














        Terms and Conditions Apply. SOFI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. To qualify, a borrower must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident and meet SoFi's underwriting requirements. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. To qualify for the lowest rate, you must have excellent credit and meet other conditions. Your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed above and will depend on a variety of factors, including credit score, credit usage and history, years of experience, income and other factors. If approved, your rate will be within the range of rates and will depend on the term of your loan, your credit history and other factors. Rates and Terms are subject to change at anytime without notice. This information is current as of March 20, 2015 and is subject to change. SoFi loans are originated by SoFi Lending Corp., NMLS # 1121636.         
Licenses

NMLS Consumer Access


        ©2015 Social Finance, Inc. •
         Terms of Use •
         Sitemap •
         Privacy Policy •
         Legal























