





    
        Sosh :: Discover and share local activities
    











































Log In



We're hiring!








Life's too short to be bored.
Discover amazing events, activities, and places.

Join Sosh













A Personal Conciergefor Your Social Life
A completely new approach.
Because your social life should be simple.



                            Send a link to your iPhone:
                        



Send »






                        We've sent you a link to download the app. Check your messages!
                    



Filter Out the Noise
Every experience on Sosh is meticulously curated, so you only see what matters. Sosh isn't about deals or daily emails - it's about sharing incredible experiences with your loved ones.
Bookmarks & Reminders
Never forget the places, dishes, or cocktails you've been meaning to try. Now you'll always be in the know.


Personalized to You
Sosh recommendations are tailored to your interests. Find more of what you love with less effort. Get in, get out, and get on your way.
Insider Tips
Reservations, directions, and insider tips all in one place. By the time you walk in, you'll know exactly what to order.















Now Available in

                    Chicago
                    New York City
                    San Francisco
                    Seattle
                    Washington, DC
                
Coming soon: Boston & LA.

Become A Member





Follow Tastemakers and Celebrities
Keep an eye on the city's finest people and places













Co-founder, Instagram
Mike Krieger
Mike constantly surrounds himself with picture-perfect backdrops. Discover his favorite picturesque spots in SF.







Executive Chef, Flour + Water
Thomas McNaughton
At the helm of Flour + Water and Central Kitchen, Chef Thomas is a culinary rising star. Discover his favorite seasonal bites







Owner, 15 Romolo & Rye
Jon Gasparini
San Franciscans have Jon to thank for the city’s cocktail revolution. Now they can follow him to find the city's best libations.







Chefs, Baker & Banker
Lori Baker & Jeff Banker
Aptly-named pastry chef Lori Baker and chef Jeff Banker have a true foodie love story. Discover their favorite date spots.







Founders, Hello!Lucky Design
Eunice & Sabrina Moyle
These Moyle Sisters are behind the well-known print and design studio that counts Banana Republic among its clients.







Winemaker & Star of The Bachelor
Ben Flajnik
Formerly the star of The Bachelor, Ben is the winemaker behind Envolve Winery. Now he's your guide to living the high life.









Discover Your New Favorite Place
Killer cocktails, creative date ideas, pop-up dinners, classes, and more.

Become A Member






Every day. On any occasion.Sosh has you covered.
Amazing events and activities. At your fingertips.









Natural Wonder: Alamere Falls
at Palomarin Trailhead









Pop-Up: Waffles & Whiskey Happy Hour
at Rye









Tasting Flight: The Old Fashioned
at Locanda











The Original Street Photographer
at The SF Museum of Modern Art









Escape from the Mysterious Room
at Real Escape Room









A Burger You Have to Sign a Waiver For
at Dr Teeth & the Electric Mayhem








Start Exploring. Become a Member.
Join Sosh today. It's free and it's fast.

Become A Member









COPYRIGHT 2015
OFFLINE LABS, INC.

 

SOSH


About Us
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service



CONTRIBUTE


Send Feedback
Suggest an Activity
Own a Local Business?



KEEP IN TOUCH


Customer Support
Blog
Facebook
Twitter








Welcome
Log in to your account to bookmark and share with friends.



                    Log In to Sosh
                

Or log in with your e-mail


Join Sosh










