

Weblog [splitbrain.org]

























 




Weblog

Post-food living — a quantified experiment starred jlevy/the-art-of-command-line at github 
Adventure before Dementia


 We're back from our vacation. Originally we planned to visit Scotland, but due to bad (aka. late planning) we couldn't find any affordable flights anymore. Instead we decided to rent a camper van and visit Bavaria and Austria again (after visiting Kaddi's parents), because we liked it very much when we passed it during our Italy vacation last year.


Usually we rent our camper vans from one of the bigger companies. Because this year it was a last-minute decision, those companies were booked out already and we had to take what we could find. So unlike in the last years, the camper van this year was not a brand new one. It had more than 100,000km on the clock and was several years old. It had a couple of scratches and signs of usage but looked okay otherwise.

Click to continue reading... · Permalink · CommentsFik Shun - World of Dance Las Vegas 2014 KUNG FURY Official Movie [HD] GravityLight 2: Made in Africa Interesting off-grid approach for lightingAgar.io if you feel too productive today, try this7 HOLES in the Space Station - Smarter Every Day 135 
5 Minute Cupcake


For when you crave chocolate cake right now.


 4 table spoons of flour

 2 table spoons of oil

 2 table spoons of cocoa1)

 3 table spoons of milk

 1 egg



Mix everything and add whatever you want (chocolate pieces, fruits, yogurt). Grease a cup with butter or margarine and fill it with the batter. Microwave it at 700 Watt for 3.5 to 4 minutes.

Tagsrecipecupcakemicrowave


1) 
The sweetened drinking kind. If you use unsweetened baking cocoa, add 2 table spoons of sugar.


 · Permalink · Commentsstarred joshdholtz/Sentry-Android at github A tale of two lovers (or three, or four): the truth about polyamory The Backwards Brain Bicycle - Smarter Every Day 133 Why Boat Refugees Don't Fly! - Factpod #16 created repository splitbrain/sleepy at github 
Raspberry Pi B+ Pinout Leaf





I'm currently working on a little project involving a Raspberry Pi and some stuff connected to it's General Purpose IOs.


Looking up the pinout scheme every time again gets tiring fast. A good solution is the Raspberry Leaf - a simple sheet of paper that slips over the pins and labels them. Unfortunately I couldn't find one that:


 shows all 40 pins of a Raspberry Pi B+

 shows the WiringPi numbering scheme



So I set down and made one in Inkscape. The result can be found in this Github Repository.

TagsrpidiyelectronicsSimilar posts:
Using your Mobile Headset on a PC
Kitchen Nexus 7 Holder
Carpenter: Level 2




 · Permalink · Commentscreated repository splitbrain/rpibplusleaf at github Adding a Library Project to Your App Monty Python and the Holy Grail Modern Trailer Flake: “Tastenficker” | Peter Richter Processing and analysing sensor data – a DIY approach 
Games I liked in 2014


It's 2015 for a while now. Time to look back on the last year. I played quite a few (computer) games, so why not have a list of my favorites.


Please note, that they are listed here in no particular order. They are all available on steam. Oh and I realize that not all of them came out in 2014. But I played them in 2014 - that's what counts.

Click to continue reading... · Permalink · CommentsThe problem with Angular created repository cosmocode/dokuwiki-plugin-adfs at github 10 Lessons from 4 Years Working Remotely at Automattic | When I Have Time by Sara Rosso Question: ADFS/SAML2.0 - How to set Claim Rules through Federation Metadata? Android Wear Burn-in Protection Explained! 
Agenda Watch Face for Android Wear


Of course the first thing I had to do to my new watch is customize it. Over the weekend I learned how to build my own watch face in WatchMaker2). The result is shown here:





Most of the information is only shown in active mode (pictured left). I went for a white background because I assume it will be much better to read in outside. Thanks to the ugly Berlin Winter weather I had no way to test that hypothesis though . Dimmed mode (pictured right) uses a black background of course and fewer info.


Most important to me besides the current time are my upcoming agenda items. The watch face shows them in two ways. One is a simple list of the next three appointments. The other is a representation of their length on the border of the watch.


Getting these border graphs right was the hardest part. Since appointments happen on a 24 hour day, but the circle only represents 12 hours, I had to come up with some logic to decide when there's space for the next afternoon appointment even though it's still before twelve. Took a while, but now seems to work just fine3).


Another problem I encountered in dimmed mode. I wanted to have the border graphs in dimmed mode, too. It worked just fine in Watchmaker, but once on the actual device I noticed the watch being off-center and cutting pixels. A reddit post later I found the reason: an Anti-Burn Screensaver mechanism in Android Wear.


The watch face compensates for that behavior by moving the graphs a few pixels towards the center when the display is dimmed.


The watch face is available for download from FaceRepo.

Tagssmartwatchwatchmakerwatchfaceandroidwear


2) 
Good info is linked from this reddit post
3) 
thanks Theresa, for helping me with the math 


 · Permalink · Comments 

Older Posts are available in the Archive. Keep up to date with the RSS Feed.







 



Hi, I'm Andreas Gohr and splitbrain.org is my website.
I'm a Web, Wiki and Open Source enthusiast living in Berlin, Germany. Enjoy your stay here.
                    











Blog


Older Articles are available in the Archive, subscribe to the
Full Content RSS Feed to stay tuned. You can also subscribe to the Link RSS Feed.

Andreas Gohr's weblog and all his Open Source stuff

← Flattr me 







Adventure before Dementia5 Minute CupcakeRaspberry Pi B+ Pinout LeafGames I liked in 2014Agenda Watch Face for Android WearNew Gadget: LG Watch R 


Using your Mobile Headset on a PC DokuWiki Linux OCR Software Comparison Open Text Summarizer DNS Tunneling made easy DokuWiki Beginners Screencast #1 




No tags, yet. Why don't you bookmark it?                        





            2001-2015 © Andreas Gohr [G+] · Imprint/Impressum







