




Talkable | Customizable Refer a Friend Programs


































Talkable


Login







Platform


Case Studies


Blog


Talkable Demo






Customizable

Refer a Friend Programs


Learn More




















×

Login
Reset
Sales Inquiry











Reset password












Log in













                   




















Talkable helps Ecommerce companies acquire new 
customers and increase sales








Build

customizable Refer a Friend programs. The Talkable platform is completely flexible in terms of who the campaign targets, how it looks, who is rewarded, and how they are rewarded.








Track

every site purchase and customer share to reward advocates and friends only when they meet your defined campaign criteria.








Test

offers to maximize referral program performance. Brands must find the perfect balance between size of offer and number of sales generated. The platform also allows you to A/B test design, copy, and user flows.








Analyze

every step of the funnel; from shares to clicks to site visits to purchases. Talkable provides referral data that you can trust.










Why Referral Marketing?


Purchasing behavior has been socially influenced since the
beginning of time. Long before social networks like Facebook
and Twitter kept you in the virtual loop, your physical network
was having an impact on what you bought and where you
bought it from. In fact, word of mouth is the most powerful
force in driving new business. This is because friends
know what you want to buy, when you want to buy
it, and how to sell it to you.






Impressions


Shares


Clicks


Visits


Sales





Word of mouth advertising is the most trusted form of advertising. The Word of Mouth Marketing Association reports that
every day in the United States, there are approximately 2.4 billion brand-related conversations. According to a Nielsen study,
90% of people trust business recommendations from someone they know.


Customer acquisition is the number one priority and the number one challenge for businesses today. Referral marketing helps
companies target potential customers who are not yet aware of the brand. Referrals generate customers who have higher
lifetime value, are more loyal, and contribute more to a company’s bottom line than other customers according to the American
Marketing Association.


Profitably acquiring customers is the key to any company’s success. Referral marketing allows companies to get new customers
cheaply by giving advertising dollars directly to customers in the form of discounts rather than by paying a 3rd party advertising platform.






Want to learn about the best performing 
Refer a Friend campaigns in Ecommerce?


Learn More







×




2015 © Talkable





Privacy policy
Contact
Blog




Docs
Jobs




Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus








Contact us









sales@talkable.com




























