 





Influencer Marketing Platform for Brands | TapInfluence






























Blog


Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn



Are you an Influencer?




TapInfluence


Platform
Benefits
Customers
Learn
About
Sign In
Contact Us
 










Connecting Consumer Brands with Social Content Influencers

Play

Brand or AgencyLearn More
Content CreatorGet Started
















									Influence								



									Platform								



									Results								



									Learn								



							Contact Us						





Influencer Marketing Software for the World's Leading Brands & Agencies


All the Influencers in one place









Influencer
Reach
Price
Network






Jake Paul
via Viral Nation

3,500,000









Shea Marie
Fashionista

873,800









Traci French
Bliss Blog

4,000,000









Bob Vila
BobVila.com

1,100,000









Eric Cook
EricTheCarGuy

515,000









Chung-Ah Rhee
Damn Delicious

4,900,000









1
Marketplace of Social Media Influencers

Search thousands of registered brand influencers with
transparent prices across all social media channels.

Get a Demo













2
Software makes it easy to work with influencers

Our automated brand influencer marketing platform makes scheduling and notifications easy. Your requirements, calendar, and content all in one place.

Get a Demo







Calendar



Notifications



Content











3
Measure Real ROI

Real-time analytics for every piece of content. Get hard ROI and measure the impact down to the dollar.
Get a Demo









“Influencer Content creates 4x the ROI of Ads”- AdAge
Get a Demo



More Customers In More Industries Than Any Other Solution






Get a Demo



Top Brands Choose TapInfluence  as Their Influencer Marketing Platform










Get a Demo






Find Quality Influencers
Automate Influencer Payments
Set Clear Expectations with Influencers


Track Detailed Analytics
Ensure Full FTC Compliance
Measure ROI


Get a Demo



Ready for your personalized demo?
Find out how TapInfluence can help you connect with your consumers.
Get a Demo



How would you like to work with TapInfluence?


Software License
Use our software and marketplace to move your marketing needle. TapInfluence provides the training and a dedicated customer success manager to help you hit your goals.   
Learn More


Software + Services
The TapInfluence team of consultants provide expert strategy and project management. Everything is powered by our award-winning  brand influencer marketing platform.
Learn More





Learn
Influencer Marketing resources and features from TapInfluence











Webcast: Deliver a Winning Influencer Marketing Pitch










Template: Deliver a Winning Influencer Marketing Pitch










Webcast: Influencer Marketing Benchmarks and Other Key Takeaways










eBook: Why Influencer Marketing is Key for Retail Brands










eBook: Influencer Marketing Strategies for Agencies










Webcast: Vining for Influencer Marketing Success










Webcast: Pinning Down an Influencer Marketing Strategy That Works










Webcast: Boost Your Earning Potential with TapInfluence










Webcast: Is Word of Mouth Marketing Really Worth It?


 




Get Curated Content In Your Inbox


We promise we will never sell or share your email address

See All Content

 


 










Walgreens enlisted the help of Blogalicious, a TapInfluence network partner to engage 30 influencers with a total reach of 800,000 on blogs, Facebook and Twitter and whose audience represented their target African-American and multi-cultural demographic.



Read The Case Study










Kraft sought a content trifecta: high quality content that was less expensive to create, less expensive to distribute, and more effective in reaching its consumer markets.



Read The Case Study










Hostess® Snacks engaged Bernstein-Rein, one of the top agencies in the country, to manage their influencer
marketing campaign to drive awareness and product consideration leading up to Easter weekend.



Read The Case Study










Whipclip worked with 17 high-reach influencers to help introduce and generate exposure for the new app. The campaign drove
thousands of people to download the app.



Read The Case Study










"We have executed word-of-mouth programs in the past, but what stood out for me was the quality of the content created that could be repurposed in so many ways".



Read The Success Story










Leveraging TapInfluence's influencer marketing software, Redbox partnered with over 60 influencers who created family and movie focused content that was dynamic, fun, and engaged customers.



Read The Success Story










Horizon Organic partnered with influencers to drive awareness and informative conversation around the benefits of DHA among women and moms



Read The Case Study










To engage new potential customers, Intuit created the "Love A Local Business" competition, partnering with key influencers to engage their audience.



Read The Case Study






Previous
Next





GET MY PERSONALIZED DEMO TODAY:
See how brands are influencing their audience.












Tap Influence


Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn


Blog





info@tapinfluence.com











© 2015 TapInfluence. All rights reserved.  See our Terms of use. | Sign In | Sitemap



























