





TED: Ideas worth spreading


































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how






TED






Navigation
TED









Skip to content…



Watch



Browse the library of TED talks and speakers
100+ collections of TED Talks, for curious minds
Watch, share and create lessons with TED-Ed
Talks from independently organized local events
The easy option. Let us choose for you!





Discover



Explore TED offerings by topic
Our daily coverage of the world of ideas
Short books to feed your craving for ideas
Curated course material for educators and life long learners
Inspiration delivered straight to your inbox





Attend



Take part in our events: TED, TEDGlobal, TEDActive and more
Find and attend local, independently organized events
Experience the conferences from home





Participate



Join an online conversation
Rules and resources to help you plan a local TEDx event
Bring TED to the non-English speaking world
Get involved in the yearly prize for world-changing ideas
Join or support innovators from around the globe
Recommend speakers, TED Prize recipients, Fellows and more





About



Our mission, history, team, and more
TED Conferences, past, present, and future
Details about TED's world-changing initiatives
Learn how you can partner with us
Updates from TED and highlights from our global community






















Same-sex marriage
What's on the "gay agenda"? Ask LZ Granderson












Love is love
6 stories of love and commitment from the LGBTQ community












TED Talks newsletter
Every day, or once a week, get TED Talks to your inbox























Newest releases
Most viewed
Trending now
Hidden gems
Explore the full library



Newest releases
Most viewed
Trending now
Hidden gems

Explore the full library














Popular playlists















Talks that celebrate sweet dads



9 talks
















Talks to watch when your family is driving you nuts



8 talks
















Talks to inspire smart conversation



12 talks
















Talks for people who hated math in high school



6 talks
















Talks to help you understand racism in America



8 talks
















Talks to restore your faith in humanity



12 talks













Latest stories










Idea in depth



All kids deserve the best, wherever they grow up



Linda Cliatt-Wayman has spent her career working in low-income, low-performing schools. She has developed a thick skin and a tough attitude … laced with fierce love for her students. Here, she shares her approach to fixing a broken system and doing right by kids who deserve the best.




Gallery



The promise of the all-electric racing car: An interview with Formula E driver Nicolas Prost



Formula E, the world's first fully electric racing series, has cars that swish rather than scream -- and all the drivers drive the same design of car. Driver Nicolas Prost shares the secrets behind a very modern contest.








Idea in depth



What it’s like to grow old in different parts of the world



People are living longer thanks to improvements in healthcare, nutrition and technology. This population shift brings with it incredible possibilities -- but also a new set of challenges. So ... How do we care for our elderly?




In conversation



How a deaf artist and a blind activist experience the world



Artist and TED Fellow Christine Sun Kim, deaf since birth, talks with Daniel Kish, who lost his sight to cancer aged 13 months, about sound and sound "etiquette."






See more stories at

ideas.ted.com
















TED Books











The Art of Stillness: Adventures in Going Nowhere


By Pico Iyer


An unexpected truth from a celebrated travel writer: stillness just might be the ultimate adventure. Pico Iyer reveals how stillness can act as a creative catalyst, and advocates for a way of living that counters the frenetic design of our modern lives.


Available now









About TED
TED is a platform for ideas worth spreading. Started in 1984 as a conference where technology, entertainment and design converged, TED today shares ideas from a broad spectrum — from science to business to global issues — in more than 100 languages. Meanwhile, independent TEDx events help share ideas in communities around the world.
Find out more about TED







TED



Programs & initiatives


TEDx
TED Prize
TED Fellows
TED Ed
Open Translation Project
TED Books
TED Institute
Ads Worth Spreading




Ways to get TED


TED Radio Hour on NPR
More ways to get TED
For developers / API



Follow TED

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
TED Blog



Our community

TED Speakers
TED Fellows
TED Translators
TEDx Organizers
TED.com members





Get TED email updates

Subscribe to receive email notifications
whenever new talks are published.




Daily





Weekly





Your email address





Please enter an email address.


Please enter a valid email address.


Did you mean



Please check
Daily
or
Weekly
and try again.


Please check your details and try again.


Please check your details and try again.


Sorry, we're currently having trouble
processing new newsletter signups.
Please try again later.






Thanks! Please check your inbox
for a confirmation email.


If you want to get even more from TED,
like the ability to save talks to watch later, sign up for a TED account now.




Language Selector
TED.com translations are made possible by volunteer
translators. Learn more about the
Open Translation Project.

English









TED Talks Usage Policy
Privacy Policy
Advertising / Partnership
TED.com Terms of Use
Contact
Jobs
Staff
Press
Help



© TED Conferences, LLC







