



Latest news, sport and comment from the Guardian | The Guardian























































































Skip to main content

 


































jobs


dating







from the guardian:


jobs


dating


masterclasses



join us:


membership


subscribe




change edition:



 UK 


 US 


 AU 









beta





















































UK




world




politics




sport




football




opinion




culture




business




lifestyle




fashion




environment




tech




travel
















 


 


















Daily email – sign up























PM denounces ‘savage’ killing of at least 39 tourists, of whom eight so far are confirmed as Britons




 The victims




 Tourists return home after Tunisia attack




 Briton shielded fiancee from gunman














 The victims




 Tourists return home after Tunisia attack




 Briton shielded fiancee from gunman




Cameron says UK must prepare for high death toll

















 Euro finance ministers are gathered in Brussels to discuss the Greek bailout, as decision to hold a referendum shocks the eurozone 







Greek referendum triggers new uncertainty





















Pride in London and the trans community have had a difficult relationship, particularly since 2008’s ‘toiletgate’, but old wounds are healing




 US cities celebrate historic ruling














 US cities celebrate historic ruling




Pride has changed, say trans groups ahead of conciliatory march

















Officers investigate flight over tournament site as Scotland Yard announces deployment of officers to Tunisia and greater security across UK






Police seize drone as security tightens after terrorist attacks




















François Hollande holds second crisis summit


















Fifty Shades of Grey author now worth £37m


















Sepp Blatter says decision to leave was ‘liberating’


















Man charged after raid rescues Romanian woman


















The hill fort where King Arthur’s Guinevere was born


















Foreign minister and John Kerry begin final round













































He was the first boy through the school gates when the landmark TV series began, but last month Terry Sue-Patt, the actor who played him, was found dead in his flat aged 50. Had his life taken a tragic turn?






What became of Grange Hill's Benny Green?

















The sun is out and festivalgoers are ooking forward to Kanye, Burt and more







Day two at Worthy Farm























The boxing manager and promoter, 62, on dreaming as a woman while being a child, dressing young, and loving puddings






This much I know

















Comedian and writer Mark Steel recently found out the story behind his adoption in 1960. And the truth was so extraordinary that you almost couldn’t make it up …






Finding out who I am



























‘The drinking, the bulimia, the drugs – nobody stopped it’























The divorce lawyer























What will it take to run a marathon in under two hours?























Four different meals from one batch of beetroot





















sport





Rumour Mill


Football Weekly podcast


Football email

























Transfer window: from Roberto Firmino to Sami Khedira plus who’s next




















Only poor form paining Laura Robson ahead of Wimbledon return


















Tour de France 2015: Chris Froome keen to channel Team Sky’s positive energy


















Ravi Bopara, England’s forgotten man, dreams of another Ashes opportunity






















opinion





The Guardian view


The comment cartoon


Opinion email


















Giles Fraser

Loose canon: The radicalisation hypothesis steers us away from the real causes of terrorist violence – and enables the west to maintain a denial about its own role in helping create it






It’s not the religion that creates terrorists, it’s the politics
















Jonathan Freedland

The sheer sadism of Islamic State cannot be explained by politics alone. It comes from something deeper and darker




 A terrible blow, but Tunisia will not buckle














 A terrible blow, but Tunisia will not buckle




After Tunisia, Kuwait and France we should not be afraid to call evil by its name













Rebecca Carroll







I drink because I like the way it feels. That doesn't mean I have a problem











Joanna Maycock







Gender equality is a founding value of the EU, so why the lack of progress?











Trevor Timm







Think it's cool Facebook can auto-tag you in pics? So does the government











Ian Jack







Can David Shrigley’s monster mascot score a late winner for Partick Thistle?











Alex Hern







Why is Apple so embarrassed by games?











Hugh Ryan







Anyone in any loving relationship should get the legal benefits of marriage





















Glastonbury





Glastonbury 2015 | The Guardian
























Sorry, your browser is unable to play this video.
Please install Adobe Flash™ and try again.
Alternatively upgrade to a modern browser.





















The Guardian team were backstage with Pussy Riot as they prepare their stunt ahead of a Q&A with Charlotte Church






Behind the scenes as Pussy Riot gatecrash Glastonbury

















Glastonbury is often seen as a chance for nine-to-fivers to turn on, tune in and drop out for a long weekend. But what about those living an alternative lifestyle full time?






Searching for a lost tribe at Glastonbury

















Glastonbury’s focus on making the world a ‘saner, greener, healthier place’ has grown from new age niche to mainstream concern. At the Green Fields, you can take your pick from gong baths, laughter workshops and partner yoga






Festivalgoer wellbeing is not just for hippies
























Ditching the more ghostly vibes of his solo album, Jamie xx’s live set features piano house highs, rumbling bass and a crowd that won’t stop swelling






A sunset-backed journey through sound






































Exam regulator finds that some schools even cheat to produce better results






Teachers play system to hit league table and exam targets, says report

















Lawyers for student, 20, say her right leg has been amputated below knee after having surgery seven times to try to save it since crash on 2 June 






Rollercoaster crash victim Vicky Balch has leg amputated




















Government launches website to help victims of online abuse


















Andy Burnham pledges half-female shadow cabinet


















Boy, 12, fighting for life after suspected street stabbing in Hampshire


















Public urged to attend events after 'Isis plot foiled'


















Decision not to prosecute Lord Janner 'to be overturned'


















Cameron told EU leader Grexit may be best option

























World networks



















Alexis Tsipras says government will campaign for no vote as Athens tells finance ministers in Brussels that Greek people need to decide country’s future






Greece calls snap referendum over eurozone bailout

















Police arrest and charge Bree Newsome and helper James Ian Tyson as protest organiser tells Guardian: ‘The flag represents white supremacy’






Activist pulls down Confederate flag in front of South Carolina statehouse




















Arrests made over mosque attack


















Beijing proceeds with building artificial islands on reefs claimed by Philippines


















Prison escapee David Sweat still at large after Richard Matt shot dead


















Australia may suspend citizenship privileges of single passport holders


















Obama gives searing speech on race in eulogy for pastor


















Chris Christie launches 2016 campaign website before announcing run

























Pass notes


Shortcuts



















He can focus and reach out and grab things. Teeth are about to arrive. And he’s the happiest person I’ve ever met






My son is no longer a baby – he’s a proper person

















Teachers who break the rules will have nowhere to hide when exam-only syllabi come in, leaving us easy prey for our critics






We help students to cheat, but how long before it's exposed?

















They’re young, photogenic, big on Instagram and top bestseller lists around the world – but how much do the new breed of wellness bloggers know about food? Hadley Freeman enters the world of #yummy #avotoast to find out






The unstoppable rise of the healthy-eating guru

















‘Revolutionaries with an actual plan are thin on the ground, so I’m inspired to see that they might now be found in pop’






Down with cute – nothing beats a pop star with principles























The long read


Guantánamo Diary



















When she began to write about her family’s Jewish history, Alison Pick realised she couldn’t include everyone’s version of the truth – indeed, she couldn’t even pin down the truth within herself






How trauma passes down the generations

















Long before Pope Francis called for the faithful to work toward environmental justice, water and drought were natural concerns for many in the western US 






Hispanic Catholics hear pope's message – and it's personal

















His profile said the person he picked would need to be 100% woman. I intuited that my response hadn’t been very ladylike






My jokey offer of sex scares away an Austrian – why are these men so bloody wet?





















Jon Butterworth: A new result released by the ATLAS experiment at CERN shows an intriguing anomaly, which could be evidence for a new particle with a mass of about two thousand times the mass of a proton. How excited should be we be?






Evidence for a new particle with a mass of about 2,000 times that of a proton … or not?

















The fact that only two of the quarter-finalists are coached by women shows that those striving for greater female representation in management face a major task






Tournament raises profile but coaching remains a man’s world

















Everything West does is an event, from the smallest interview to the biggest show. As he prepares to headline Glastonbury, Ben Westhoff considers how he became the divisive figure he is






How the world's biggest pop star ended up being its most reviled, too

















Over the last few weeks, Ali Smith has taken part in the Refugee Tales project. This is her response






Over the last few weeks, Ali Smith has taken part in the Refugee Tales project. This is her response























Sign up


GuardianWitness


Membership

























Tell us what you're doing instead




















A tale of Long Island soccer friendship


















What does it mean to you?


















Surely there must be a use for horse chestnuts?









































The discovery of billions of barrels of oil off the coast of Rio de Janeiro was billed as one of the biggest finds of this century. But with the country’s biggest energy company, Petrobras, mired in debt and scandal, the low price of oil and dangers of a second Deepwater Horizon, the viability of this massive undertaking has never been under more scrutiny






Brazil's gamble on deep water oil

















Documentaries


Eyewitness


Photo highlights of the day


The Guardian Film Show



















The Calcio Storico – ‘historic football’ – is an ancient form of football from the 16th century, which originated from the ancient roman ‘harpastum’, and is played in teams of 27, using both feet and hands. Sucker-punches and kicks to the head are prohibited but headbutting, punching, elbowing, and choking are all allowed






The most brutal sport on earth






















Sorry, your browser is unable to play this video.
Please install Adobe Flash™ and try again.
Alternatively upgrade to a modern browser.





















A German tourist recalls the moment an Islamic State gunman began firing on beachgoers at a Tunisian resort






Tourist recounts horror of beach attack

















After the supreme court declared gay couples have the right to marry anywhere within the US, thousands said “I do” across the land






US celebrates same-sex marriage ruling - in pictures





















We have had a rummage through the archives to see what the footballers of yesteryear got up to on their downtime






Footballers on holiday






















Sorry, your browser is unable to play this video.
Please install Adobe Flash™ and try again.
Alternatively upgrade to a modern browser.





















The president led a congregation of 5,500 mostly African American mourners in a rendition of Amazing Grace on Friday






Obama sings Amazing Grace during eulogy for Charleston pastor






















Sorry, your browser is unable to play this video.
Please install Adobe Flash™ and try again.
Alternatively upgrade to a modern browser.





















Brazilian police officer is caught on camera shooting at two teenage suspects following a high-speed chase through the streets of São Paulo






Motorcycle chase in Brazil ends with police officer shooting teens






















Sorry, your browser is unable to play this video.
Please install Adobe Flash™ and try again.
Alternatively upgrade to a modern browser.





















wonder.land is a new musical inspired by Alice in Wonderland, with music by Damon Albarn






Damon Albarn's wonder.land























Interviews


Experiences



















Salter’s gift as a writer was his way of conveying the ecstasy and transience of life in language that was simple and crystalline






James Salter by Rupert Thomson

















The books interview: The poet talks about grand bohemian circles, being a late starter and saying no to a nude to be painted by her father Lucian Freud






Why I’ve finally embraced the family name

















‘My worst job? I don’t feel like I’ve worked a day in my life’






Andy Roddick, former tennis player

















The star of Clueless and other 90s films left the spotlight – but continued to take meaty theatre roles, like her current one in new play Of Good Stock






'I went on a quest to change the world'


























most popular


across the guardian


























































































































The debt crisis in Greece, the continuing eruption of Mount Sinabung and the Women’s World Cup in Canada – the best photography in news, culture and sport from around the world this week






The 20 photographs of the week













Topics



Glastonbury festival




Glastonbury 2015




Music festivals




Festivals




Europe



More…



Middle East and North Africa




Islamic State




Africa




Family




London




UK security and counter-terrorism




Food & drink




Economics




France




Tunisia




LGBT rights




Transfer window




Photography




Parents and parenting




Greece






 































UK




world




politics




sport




football




opinion




culture




business




lifestyle




fashion




environment




tech




travel
















home





UK




education




media




society




law




scotland




wales




northern ireland






politics




world




europe




US




americas




asia




australia




africa




middle east




cities




development






sport




football




cricket




rugby union




F1




tennis




golf




cycling




boxing




racing




rugby league




US sports






football




live scores




tables




competitions




results




fixtures




clubs






opinion




columnists






culture




film




tv & radio




music




games




books




art & design




stage




classical






business




economics




banking




retail




markets




eurozone






lifestyle




food




health & fitness




love & sex




family




women




home & garden






fashion




environment




climate change




wildlife




energy




pollution






tech




travel




UK




europe




US






money




property




savings




pensions




borrowing




careers






science




professional networks




the observer




today's paper




editorials and letters




obituaries




g2




weekend




the guide




saturday review






membership




crosswords




video













membership

jobs

dating

masterclasses

subscribe
all topics
all contributors

about us

contact us


report technical issue



complaints & corrections
terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy
securedrop


© 2015 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
















 


