



















The Onion - America's Finest News Source































              Onion, Inc. Sites
              





                  The Onion
                



                  The A.V. Club
                



                  ClickHole
                



                  Onion Studios
                













June 27, 2015

•







      56°
    

      Sorry, some heat indexes you just want to keep for yourself
    



•






    WEP
    


$15.47 (-$0.08)(-0.51%) Photos of a bruised Bruce Wayne have led many investors to fear the conglomerate's CEO is suffering from lymphoma.
  






        America's Finest News Source
      



        “Tu Stultus Es”
      







              Video
            



              Politics
            



              Sports
            



              Local
            



              Business
            



              Entertainment
            



              Science & Technology
            



              After Birth
            






 


 















 



















            Supreme Court Rules In Favor Of Most Buck-Wild Pride Parade Nation’s Ever Seen

          























            Report: Only 47,000 Social Justice Milestones To Go Before U.S. Achieves Full Equality

          






Related Topics



                   Marriage
                 



                   Government
                 



                   Supreme Court
                 






















            Man Just Needs To Power Through Another Day Of Not Being Broke And Unemployed

          



        
          
            CHICAGO—After listing off a litany of reasons why he cannot stand his current job, local 27-year-old Don Rutland told reporters Friday that he just needs to power through another day of not being broke and unemployed.
          
        
      




















            Marathon Training Tips

          



        
          
            Running a marathon is a major life goal for many people, but it takes precise planning and extensive training to succeed in the 26.2-mile-long race. Here are some training tips for marathon hopefuls:
          
        
      










In The News



















            The Gay Rights Movement In America: A Timeline

          



        
          
            The Supreme Court ruled in a 5-4 decision Friday that bans on gay marriage are unconstitutional, concluding decades of hard-fought battles by gay rights activists to grant marriage equality to all. Here is a timeline of milestones in the gay rights movement in the U.S.
          
        
      





















            Candidate Profile: Bobby Jindal

          



        
          
            Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal declared Wednesday his candidacy for the 2016 presidential nomination, although the Rhodes Scholar and one-time Republican rising star faces difficult odds in a jam-packed primary field. Here’s what you need to know about Jindal
          
        
      




















            Mom Triumphantly Drags Hotel Pool Lounge Chair Back To Family Like Fresh Kill

          



        
          
            ENCINITAS, CA—Proudly hauling her prized prey across the Holiday Inn Express’ patio Saturday afternoon, mother of three Bonnie Cohn reportedly dragged a pool lounge chair back to her awaiting family like a fresh kill, onlookers confirmed.
          
        
      









Special Coverage








 



Onion Video


                 Watch More 














            The Onion Reviews ‘Jurassic World’
          



          The Onion’s movie critic Peter K. Rosenthal reviews ‘Jurassic World’ in this week’s Film Standard.
        
























            The Onion Looks Back At ‘The Goonies’

  




        
          
            The Onion’s movie critic Peter K. Rosenthal looks back at ‘Goonies’ in this week’s Film Standard.
          
        
      






















            The Seven Male Role Models Every Child Needs For A Healthy Upbringing

  




        
          
            How many positive male role models do your children have? On Mothershould, Grace Manning-Devlin says that if they don’t have these seven, they could grow up severely stunted.
          
        
      






















            How To Successfully Sue Other Moms Who Steal Your Parenting Tricks

  




        
          
            On Mothershould, Grace Manning-Devlin helps viewers build a legal case when their parenting tricks are used by parental plagiarists.
          
        
      






















            13-Year-Old Drinking Prodigy Accepted To Ohio State

  




        
          
            On Today Now!, the incredible Tyler Morgan shows off the binge drinking talent that got him into Ohio State. More from this episode.
          
        
      






















            The Onion Reviews 'Avengers: Age Of Ultron'

  




        
          
            The Onion's movie critic Peter K. Rosenthal reviews 'Avengers: Age Of Ultron' in this week's Film Standard.
          
        
      









 


Graphical Features


















News in Photos


            Supreme Court Legalizes Gay Marriage After Landmark 193,000,000-115,000,000 Decision

          






















Slideshow


            Obamacare: Recklessly Providing More Americans With Access To Longer Lifespans

          






















Photo Finish


            Frustrated David Ortiz Breaks Bat Boy Over Knee

          









Recommended










 



Most Popular


          See All 























            Scalia, Thomas, Roberts, Alito Suddenly Realize They Will Be Villains In Oscar-Winning Movie One Day

          



        
          
            WASHINGTON—Shortly after turning in dissenting opinions in landmark federal rulings today that struck down the Defense of Marriage Act and conferred full federal benefits to married same-sex couples, Supreme Court justices Antonin Scalia, Clarence T...
          
        
      






















            Supreme Court On Gay Marriage: 'Sure, Who Cares'

          



        
          
            WASHINGTON—Ten minutes into oral arguments over whether or not homosexuals should be allowed to marry one another, a visibly confounded Supreme Court stopped legal proceedings Tuesday and ruled that gay marriage was “perfectly fine” and ...
          
        
      






















            Supreme Court Rules In Favor Of Most Buck-Wild Pride Parade Nation’s Ever Seen

          
























            Nation’s Homophobic Bigots Pack It In

          


            ‘Rules Are Rules,’ Say Those With Deeply Ingrained Prejudices
          























            Gay Marriage In America: The March To Destroy Traditional Values

          










 




Most Recent


                    See All 























            ‘Prince George Effect’ Leads To Skyrocketing Croc Sales

          


























            Samsung Introducing ‘Clear Truck’ To Make Driving Safer

          


























            The Gay Rights Movement In America: A Timeline

          



        
          
            The Supreme Court ruled in a 5-4 decision Friday that bans on gay marriage are unconstitutional, concluding decades of hard-fought battles by gay rights activists to grant marriage equality to all. Here is a timeline of milestones in the gay rights movement in the U.S.
          
        
      






















            Supreme Court Rules In Favor Of Most Buck-Wild Pride Parade Nation’s Ever Seen

          
























            Report: Only 47,000 Social Justice Milestones To Go Before U.S. Achieves Full Equality

          














          TV Listings
        

Fox
8 p.m. EDT/7 p.m. ABC
Pete's wife is still on him about building that darn shed, these kids are going to be the death of Sheila and Dave, and the hot next-door neighbor is up in EVERYBODY'S business! Sunday nights on ABC couldn't be any more familiar!
        







 






American Voices


                 See All 





















            ‘Prince George Effect’ Leads To Skyrocketing Croc Sales

          


























            Samsung Introducing ‘Clear Truck’ To Make Driving Safer

          











Commentary


                 See All 





















            The Only Way To Get Over Your Fear Of The Moon Is To Walk On It

          



        
          
            By Buzz Aldrin
          
        
      






















            One Time I Punched A Goose Right Out Of The Air

          



        
          
            By David Yarnold
          
        
      







Cartoons


                 See All 





















            Runaway Hit

          
























            Father And Shun

          













Sign-up For The Onion's Newsletter
Give your spam filter something to do.




























The Onion is not intended for readers under 18 years of age.
            © Copyright 2015 Onion Inc. All rights reserved






















              Video
            



              Politics
            



              Sports
            



              Local
            



              Business
            



              Entertainment
            



              Science & Technology
            



              After Birth
            





        Our Company
      



               About Us
          



               Contact
          



               Careers
          



               Media Kit
          



               Privacy Policy
          




Special Coverage



        Area Man by New Belgium
      



        Business by Buffalo Wild Wings
      



        Energy by 5-hour Energy
      



        Entertainment by Denny's
      



        Family by The First Years
      



        Fantasy Sports by FanDuel
      



        Fatherhood by The Jim Gaffigan Show on TV Land
      



        Internet by Overstock
      



        Originality by Tito's Handmade Vodka
      



        Pop Culture by Hulu
      



        Preparedness by Ben & Jerry's
      



        Productivity by Starbucks Doubleshot
      



        Satisfaction by PAX
      



        Sleep by Beautyrest
      



        Small Business by Constant Contact
      




Onion, Inc. Sites



            The Onion
          



            The A.V. Club
          



            ClickHole
          



            Onion Studios
          





        The Onion Store
      

























































