 



TODAY - Latest News, Video & Guests from the TODAY show on NBC





































































Video
KLG & Hoda
Orange Room
TODAY apps
Visit TODAY
Shop TODAY



Lifestyle

Food
Health
Home
Parents
Parenting team
Style



Sections

News
Good News
Pop Culture
Concert Series
Books
allDAY


Pets & Animals
Money
Travel
Hip2Save
Rossen Reports



More

About TODAY


Contact us


Sitemap


Jobs


Terms & Conditions


Privacy policy


Closed captioning


Advertise


 AdChoices






















Jeff Rossen and Charlie McLravy (1566) / TODAY (1)


Stolen valor: Fake soldiers impersonate heroes for popularity, profit





















Shutterstock 


Guess who brings more debt to a relationship?
























How this trainer inspired millions to transform their bodies - and lives















NBC News Top Headlines


For Obama — and America — a Week for the History Books


A 'Desperate' David Sweat Poses Greater Threat After Richard Matt Shot and Killed


ISIS Terror Fears: Increased Security, Tourists Evacuated from Tunisia


Bill Cosby Lawyer: Unsealing Court Docs 'Terribly Embarrassing'


Confederate Flag Protest: Two Arrested at South Carolina Statehouse










Vanessa Brady 


Star-spangled style: DIY home decorations for July 4





















laurajenkinson/instagram


Talented makeup artist perfectly re-creates cartoon characters on her face 





















Shutterstock


Are all 'processed foods' really bad for you? 





















Shutterstock 


Hate crunches? 3 tough, but amazing moves to build your core





















Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty Images


Reese Witherspoon developing film about 'Napkin Notes' dad's poignant story





















AP, Getty Images file


'Great day for America': How stars reacted to landmark same-sex marriage ruling
















Richard Matt, one of two escaped inmates, shot dead

Richard Matt, one of the two killers who escaped from an upstate New York prison three weeks ago, was shot and killed Friday, two senior New York state officials told NBC News.




















sonoma-marinfair.org


These 6 canines are competing to be named the World's Ugliest Dog





















Christy Hegarty


'I'm a girl stuck in a boy's body': A 10-year-old's journey from Liam to Lia





















Shutterstock


Bobbie's Buzz: Sand-repellent beach gear and other fun summer finds





















MRBI


See the 'adorable' name this tiny octopus might get





















Crusoe the Celebrity Dachshund / YouTube


The dachshunds dressed as Minions from 'Despicable Me' will brighten your day





















TODAY / TODAY


What's cooking? TODAY Food is your new one-stop shop for easy recipes





















That's Inappropriate/Facebook


12 best parenting updates on Facebook this week





















TODAY


Take a peek inside Bobbie Thomas' beautiful (and blue!) baby shower 





















John Raoux / AP


Disney World bans selfie sticks





















Mark Wilson / Getty Images


Supreme Court rules same-sex couples nationwide have right to marry 





















Mary Peffer


What's your sign? Nail salon matches mani to your astrology
















Want to be a part of TODAY's Happiness Series? Enter here!

We are getting ready to kick off TODAY's Happiness Series, and we want you to participate!




















Maya Visnyei


These slow-cooker chicken chili tacos are easy, cheap and give you leftovers





















Getty Images


A fresh take on black and white: 4 secrets to nail the pattern-mixing trend





















Shutterstock


If you like to snack, this is the one time to ignore the food label





















Lauren Salkeld


Berry good! Here's how to choose and use strawberries, blueberries and more





















Courtesy of Dawn Falcone


Want your kids to enjoy a throwback summer? Here are 12 ways to do it





















E!


Caitlyn Jenner promises E! documentary will be 'quite the journey' in new clip 





















TODAY


Amy Poehler, UCB gang look back on 'legit poor' days and 25 years of laughs





















Anthony Quintano / TODAY


Imagine Dragons heat up TODAY plaza for summer concert series





















Shutterstock  


5 DIY ways to stay cool without raising your electric bill





















NBC NewsWire


Pizza fail? Willie Geist recounts a battle with his pizza oven





















TODAY


Terrifying 'Watcher' letters force family from their dream home
















'We're only worth $600?!' KLG, Hoda featured on 'Jeopardy'

The ladies were featured in a question on a recent episode of "Jeopardy," and after looking at the clip, they wonder why they were only worth $600!




















Samantha Okazaki / TODAY


Turn beer into a meal with Al's one-pot beer can chicken with vegetables
















Slimming one-pot meals: Dig into Joy's paella and turkey chili

Try Joy Bauer's low-calorie versions of these one-pot comfort classics.




















Getty Images stock


27 percent of adults lie to their doctors about this





















Reuters file


Bristol Palin announces she is pregnant with second child in emotional blog post





















Shutterstock  


Here's the poop on your pool water





















Jeff Rossen and Charlie McLravy (1566) / TODAY (1)


Dramatic live demonstration shows how dangerous fireworks can be





















TODAY


New details emerge about Gene Palmer's role in prison escape





















@hapyyuka/Twitter


This ridiculously good looking gorilla can't help that he's so popular





















Michael Loccisano / Getty Images


Rose McGowan says she was fired from agency for standing up to sexism





















TODAY


Video: Criss Angel helps save escape artist after trick goes wrong





















Scott Legato / Getty Images Contributor


Are you a true Imagine Dragons fan? Take our quiz





















TODAY


Obama to eulogize slain pastor Clementa Pinckney in Charleston





















TODAY


Watch tiny puppy get rescued from drain in uplifting video





















TODAY


Emails missing from Hillary Clinton records





















TODAY


Donald Trump remarks on Mexico spur Univision to dump Miss USA





















Warner Bros.


J.K. Rowling announces 'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child' will hit London stage





















PTXOfficial / YouTube


Pentatonix honors Michael Jackson's legacy with tribute mashup video





















Samantha Okazaki / TODAY


TODAY's ultimate guide to summer braids for every event and occasion





















David Livingston / Getty Images Contributor


Move over, royal princess! Sarah Michelle Gellar's Charlotte was here first





















Everett Collection/YouTube


See man break door at 'Seinfeld' apartment replica while making Kramer entrance





















Jun Sato / Getty Images


Party like it's '1989'! Taylor Swift rewards Apple's 'change of heart'





















Reuters file


Arnold Schwarzenegger: Split with Maria Shriver was 'my biggest failure' 





















Marion Vaughn MVII Photography


'Embrace it': Singer Kimberly Henderson shares unedited post-pregnancy body pic





















Amazon; Reuters


'The world has changed': Jeffrey Tambor, 'Transparent' cast on transgender views





















YouTube


Doggy dash! Watch this pooch take a ride down a water slide





















Lexi Dwyer


Bottoms up! Try this 3-ingredient cranberry ginger cocktail 





















FilmMagic 


Miley-approved! 'Twerk' among words added to Oxford English Dictionary





















Shutterstock 


Quiz: What kind of summer parent are you?





















TODAY


'Unbreakable' and incredible! Ellie Kemper to join in fun on TODAY's Take





















NBC


'Really!?!' Amy Poehler and Seth Meyers reunite for new take on classic skit





















Ben Adams / NBC


Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner speak out about Caitlyn, embryo rumors





















Lauren Salkeld


Here's how to handle that bumper crop of basil (including a creative new pesto)





















Courtesy of Melissa Ventosa Martin


SELF editor spills her favorite site for 'athleisure' shopping sprees





















TODAY / TODAY


Watch the epic fight! Mama rabbit rescues baby bunny from snake





















Shutterstock, TODAY


Christian Slater shares his secrets for the perfect slider




















All video
Heard it on the show?



Featured video







Sponsored Content

Summer hotel deals under $200 per night!







Sponsored Content

POPStart: Jimmy Fallon hurt his hand and Harry Potter has a play







Sponsored Content

Troubled teens get help from an unlikely source: Wolves!







Sponsored Content

One pot dish: Make sweet potato hash & eggs







Sponsored Content

US Olympic sailor missing at sea







Sponsored Content

A feline flies (unharmed) and more in this week's The Download







Sponsored Content

Busting sunglasses myths: How to pick protective (and cool!) shades







Sponsored Content

Internet 'saved' by Obama's rendition of 'Amazing Grace'







Sponsored Content

Must see: Inspiring 8-year-old deaf basketball player







Sponsored Content

Going to bed? For the sake of your health, put the phone away!







Sponsored Content

Busy week for President Obama: Health care and gay marriage upheld







Sponsored Content

Terrorism Analyst: attacks seem unsophisticated







Sponsored Content

ISIS terror fears: Increased security, tourists evacuated from Tunisia







Sponsored Content

Ex-FBI profiler: Second escapee has no one else to count on







Sponsored Content

Officials: Escaped New York prisoner Richard Matt shot dead







Sponsored Content

Justice Kennedy: Marriage a 'fundamental right' for all couples







Sponsored Content

Watch tiny puppy get rescued from drain in uplifting video







Sponsored Content

TODAY anchors get to know Imagine Dragons







Sponsored Content

See how dangerous some fireworks can be: Live demonstration







Sponsored Content

Bella Thorne stars in 'creepy' MTV series 'Scream'







Sponsored Content

Global terror attacks 'sophisticated,' mar first week of Ramadan







Sponsored Content

Terror attacks span across 3 continents, dozens dead







Sponsored Content

Amy Poehler and Upright Citizens Brigade mark 25th anniversary







Sponsored Content

Jason Ritter on playing the tattooed bad guy in '7 Minutes'







Sponsored Content

Meet the 4-legged star of new movie 'Max'




















