    Trello                     Trello is the free, flexible, and visual way to organize anything with anyone.   
            Drop the lengthy email threads, out-of-date spreadsheets,
            no-longer-so-sticky notes, and clunky software for managing
            your projects. Trello lets you see everything about your
            project in a single glance.
   Sign Up – It’s Free.      Log in…          
            This is a Trello board. It’s a list of lists filled with cards, used
            with a team or by yourself.
        
            Drag and drop cards between lists to show progress.
            Add as many people as you need and drag them to cards.
            Add and reorder lists as you need. Trello
            adapts to your project, team, and workflow.
  
            You’ll see everything about your project just by glancing at the
            board, and it all updates in real-time. There’s nothing to set up
            and everyone gets it instantly.
         
            Trello is simple on the surface, but cards have everything
            you need to get stuff done. Post comments for instant
            feedback. Upload files from your computer, Google Drive, Dropbox,
            Box, and OneDrive. Add checklists, labels, due dates, and more.
            Notifications make sure you always know when important stuff
            happens.
  See everything Trello can do            
            Trello stays perfectly in sync across all your devices,
            wherever you are. There are fast and intuitive apps for
            the web, Android phones and tablets, iPhone and iPad, Kindle Fire,
            and Windows 8.
         See All Apps            
            Trello will never overwhelm you with features you won’t use.
            For those who want more out of their boards, there are
            Power-Ups like calendar, card aging, and voting,
            that you can turn on. It’s a way to offer more without
            cluttering things for everyone.
        
Millions of people and companies of all kinds and
            sizes love using Trello.
                       
            Does your company or organization need extra administrative
            control and team super powers? We made Business
            Class for you.
   Learn more about Business Class        
Ditch the sticky notes, spreadsheets, email, and clunky
            software for managing your projects, and become one of
            the millions of people to fall in love with Trello. You can add
            as many boards and people as you want with your free account.
   Sign Up – It’s Free.            Oh, and this is Taco, our spokes-husky. You’ll see him around.       Tour Pricing Apps Jobs Blog API About Help Terms Privacy   © Copyright 2015, Trello, Inc. All rights reserved.           