



Home | Bluecore






























Product
Blog
Resources
About Us
Careers
Sign up for a Demo


☰








Wrong.





So Wrong.







Enough already.







Stop integrating.Start marketing.
What makes Bluecore different from every other advanced ecommerce triggering solution on the market? Just about everything. You can launch it in days, not months. It triggers in real time, not “sorta kinda almost” real time. And you can test and tweak every trigger to your heart’s desire.

See why Bluecore is way better.

Sign up for a demo


























































Meet Phil.
He has a badass moped.And he loves Bluecore so much it hurts.











You’ll heart Bluecore, too. Here’s why.

We integrate easier
Bluecore integrates in days, not months, with no need for data feeds. And, we work right alongside your existing email service provider.


We track and trigger in real-time
Bluecore not only tracks your customer, but also your catalog behavior — delivering the next generation of triggers (like price drop or search abandonment emails) at exactly the right time — completely personalized.


We’re here just for you
Bluecore is more like a partnership than a product. Our team is with you at every step, from strategy to implementation, execution to optimization. It’s pretty awesome, truthfully.






Bluecore in the news



















See all press






So what’s so great about Bluecore?Let these smart marketing people tell you





Top marketers at evo, a leading action sports gear retailer, on creating an evo community through email






Sr. Vice President, Digital of Sur la Table on the joys of creating highly anticipated customer service through triggered email



But wait! There’s more …








Sign up for a demo










About Bluecore
Within Bluecore’s walls we build intelligent products, making marketers more productive and precise as they create more personal relationships between their brand and customers. In addition, Bluecore triggers pretty much print money so CFOs send us really nice gift baskets each year. The only way that gets done is with the unique contributions from each of our team members. We’re in this together, and we support each other in creating not just great products, but also happy lives.


Bluecore



Product
Blog
About Us
Careers
Legal
Terms Of Use



Resources

Case Studies
Press
Webinars
Events
From Our Partners



Get In Touch

Email Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn



On the Blog

Best Practices
Bluecore News
Company Culture
Industry Insights
Technical Know How




Bluecore, Inc., 2015




See the case study



×


See the case study



×


Sign upfor a demo



×




