




ZeroCater | Company Catering Made Easy

































Blog
Sign Up
Sign In












                Great Companies
                














Awesome  delivered to your office.
          
            Want lunch for 80 Monday through Friday? 
            Get a variety of amazing food at your budget.
          
Let's Get Started!

I make awesome food!






          Currently serving the New York City, Chicago, and San Francisco Bay areas.
        



We're changing the way companies order food.

            Whether you need daily meals, catering for special events or anything in between.
          

            ZeroCater is a catering concierge service that helps companies show employee appreciation, boost productivity, and build better culture through shared meals. We coordinate meal deliveries from amazing food vendors to hundreds of companies, taking every team's dietary needs and budget restrictions into account.
          






ZeroCater is the easiest way to feed your team.




Menus 

              Tell us what you like, when you eat, and how many people we're feeding.
            



Orders 

              We take care of all logistics and ensure your food arrives on time.
            



Hunger 

              Based on your feedback, we learn what you like and send your favorites!
            







Let's Get Started!

I'm an awesome food vendor!






We feed these great companies and more!














                    Dinner was a HUGE hit on Monday. Everyone was thrilled, the food was on time, and it really went over very well with our team. Thanks for making my job easier.
                  

                    Colleen @ GetSatisfaction






                    You guys are so awesome! You make this catering business so so so easy! Thank you for all your help and hard work, it makes such a difference for me.
                  

                    Hania @ Chomp






                    I can't tell you how wonderful working with your company has been for us, it has made my life so much easier and you guys have yet to disappoint our staff with yummy options.
                  

                    Becca @ Atlassian










Read what people are saying about ZeroCater































                Facebook
              






Twitter






Yelp






Instagram










Let us know you're interested!






Thanks!
We'll be in touch right away.



Already using ZeroCater? Click here to create an account.



 






Let us know you're interested!





Enter your info below and we'll contact you ASAP.

Your Name





Your Email





Phone





Your Company





Your Website





Type of Cuisine





Delivery Areas




                        Chicago
                      




                        Washington D.C. Metro Area
                      




                        New York
                      




                        San Francisco Bay Area
                      



Finish signup


Thanks!
We'll be in touch right away.





 




Contact Us
We're hiring!
Blog
FAQs
Press
Privacy Policy
Need help?






ZeroCater © 2015
















