

AccuWeather - Weather for Life | Windows Phone Apps+Games Store (India)



























Phones
Features Apps+Games
How-to 

 



Explore






Sign in

My Phone
Find My Phone
Purchase history
My Family 




Spotlight
Apps
Games
Purchase history








news + weather


local + national

AccuWeather - Weather for Life



















        By installing you agree to the Terms of Use  and other terms 


install








Tweet




Publisher



Download size



Last updated




Version




Works with

Windows Phone 8.1
Windows Phone 8
Windows Phone 7.5



App requires

phone identity
owner identity
location services
maps
music library
photos library
media playback
microphone
data services
push notification service
movement and directional sensor
speech
web browser component
HD720P (720x1280)
WVGA (480x800)
WXGA (768x1280)
photo, music, and video libraries
phone dialer

What's this?



Supported languages (30)



































show languages




Download and install manually


Learn more



License Terms


Privacy Policy






Every day, more than one billion people around the world rely on the Superior Accuracy™ of AccuWeather to help them plan their lives, protect their businesses, and get more from their day. AccuWeather – Weather for Life designed for Windows Phone users has the very latest in weather news and information, including MinuteCast®, the leading minute-by-minute weather forecast that is hyper-localized to your exact street address. Our forecasts are also easily seen from your Windows Phone 8 lock screen!  

Key features include:

•	MinuteCast® – minute by minute precipitation forecasts for the next two hours hyper-localized to your exact street address. Includes precipitation type and intensity, and start and end times for precipitation. Available for the Continental United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, and Japan. 

•	Severe weather notices for all locations – visible from anywhere within the app. Pushed severe weather alerts straight to your Windows Phone for locations in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and Germany. 

•	Accurate, local forecasts for nearly 3 million global locations in 27 languages. Forecasts include current conditions, hourly forecasts for the next 72 hours, and extended forecasts for the next 15 days. 

•	Current weather conditions displayed with location name and time, temperature, wind speed, wind gust speed and wind direction, precipitation and amounts, humidity, visibility, UV Index, cloud cover, pressure, and AM and PM times for sunrise and sunset. Option to set current conditions to update as your GPS location changes.    

•	The Local Forecast Summary, a brief summary of what you can expect from the weather over the next 3-5 days for your location.

•	Fully interactive, full-screen Bing Maps overlaid with AccuWeather’s precise weather data, including U.S., Canadian, European, and Japanese radar. 

•	Unlimited location storage for your GPS location and all your favorites. Nickname your locations and easily swipe between them using the panoramic view and by saving them to your Start screen. 

•	Windows Phone 8 users: Lock screen populated with a beautiful weather photo illustrating the location’s current conditions.

•	Windows Phone 8 users: Three-Size, customizable Live Tiles for multiple locations that peek and automatically update the forecasts on the Start screen.


Download AccuWeather – Weather for Life today for free and experience the Superior Accuracy™ that comes from high-quality weather forecasting.
We're excited to introduce AccuWeather MinuteCast®, the leading minute-by-minute precipitation forecast for your exact street address or GPS location. Also in this update: launch to either your current GPS location or a favorite location from your default live tile.

show details
































Reviews











Excellent app. Worth to have it in rainy season ☔ 











Helpful 











Lives up to it's name 😊 











Good











Hmmm....











Absolutely perfect 👌











👍 











Accu weather showing Accurate information 😊👌👍











It shows similar temperature at normal city & hills station at same time. It make confusion to plan visit a place. On inquiry actual temperature is different.











Nice predictions on hourly basis 



More









Windows Phone Store purchases may be subject to international transaction fees, taxes, and commissions. Refer to your bank or credit card issuer for more information. For Venezuela, CADIVI is required.                    




For developers

For business

Careers

Site map

Contact us


Follow




Privacy & cookies

Terms of Use

Trademarks

India (English)
































