


Rosetta Stone: Rosetta Stone and Acesse Corporation Partner in Landmark Global Deal - Bloomberg




















































  Bloomberg the Company & Products Bloomberg Anywhere Login      Bloomberg   Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.     Company  Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology History & Facts    Financial Products  Bloomberg Professional Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indexes Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Service Center Downloads    Enterprise Products  Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault    Media  Bloomberg Business Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus    Customer Support   Americas +1 212 318 2000   Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500   Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000     Communications  Press Announcements Press Contacts    Industry Products  Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance    Media Services  Advertising Bloomberg Content Service Bloomberg Live Conferences    Follow Us   Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram                             News     Markets     Insights     Video                       Global   Europe             Latest     World     Industries     Science+Energy     Technology     Design     Culture     Graphics     Pursuits     View     U.S. Politics     Businessweek         Stocks     Currencies     Commodities     Rates+Bonds     Magazine     Benchmark     Watchlist     Economic Calendar         Latest     Game Plan     Business Schools     Small Business     Personal Finance     Profiles         Watch Now     Video     Schedule + Shows     Radio     Events           


























Rosetta Stone: Rosetta Stone and Acesse Corporation Partner in Landmark Global Deal








































Email
Print

















Rosetta Stone: Rosetta Stone and Acesse Corporation Partner in Landmark Global
                                     Deal

                                                                             

     Rosetta Stone and Acesse Corporation Partner in Landmark Global Deal
  Rosetta Stone accelerates growth of its Enterprise & Education business by
  providing language-learning solutions to 400,000 small business owners and
                   entrepreneurs through Acesse University

September 9, 2014 (Arlington, VA) - Rosetta StoneInc. (NYSE: RST), the world's
leading provider  of  education technology  and  language-learning  solutions, 
today announceda partnership with Acesse Corporation to bring Rosetta Stone's
award winning language solutions  to more than  400,000 small business  owners 
and  entrepreneurs  worldwide   through  Acesse's  soon-to-launch   continuing 
education product, Acesse University.

The partnership  will position  Rosetta Stone  to further  its growth  in  the 
corporate and enterprise sectors by expanding its reach in the valuable  small 
business  market,  and  will  strengthen  the  company's  presence  in   newer 
geographies, including China.

Serving 400,000  entrepreneurs and  small business  owners around  the  world, 
Acesse University  will enable  its  members to  stay competitive  in  today's 
dynamic global economy by  offering courses that  will improve their  business 
acumen. Highlights  of the  curriculum  include Internet  marketing,  business 
fundamentals, technical skills, and language training. Two solutions from  the 
brand new  Rosetta  Stone^®  Language Learning  Suite-Rosetta  Stone  Language 
Learning V3 for Business and Rosetta Stone Advanced English for  Business-will 
be offered in the Acesse University platform.

"In an increasingly global  marketplace, language abilities impact  individual 
and  organizational  success,  and   businesses  are  looking  for   effective 
solutions," said Judy Verses,  President of Global  Enterprise & Education  at 
Rosetta Stone. "Our partnership with  Acesse will touch small business  owners 
across the globe, and help them  achieve language skills that are critical  to 
reaching their business goals."

Over the past five  years, Acesse has helped  entrepreneurs by providing  them 
with high quality,  affordable, and  easy to use  products and  services in  a 
digital environment where  there is  constant change. The  upcoming launch  of 
Acesse University  will  fortify Acesse's  position  in the  rapidly  evolving 
digital  space  by   providing  entrepreneurs  with   a  continuous   learning 
environment to establish and grow their businesses.

"As  the  global  landscape   continues  to  become  increasingly   connected, 
understanding  multiple  languages  will  become  more  important  for   small 
businesses," explained  Bob Kinsella,  CEO at  Acesse. "Our  language-learning 
partnership with Rosetta Stone, as well as the other courses available through
Acesse University,  will give  our  members a  competitive  edge so  they  can 
accomplish their business goals and surpass their competition."

About Rosetta Stone
Rosetta Stone Inc.  (NYSE: RST)  is dedicated to  changing the  way the  world 
learns. The company's innovative technology-driven language, reading and brain
fitness solutions are  used by  thousands of  schools, businesses,  government 
organizations and millions of individuals  around the world. Founded in  1992, 
Rosetta Stone pioneered the use of interactive software to accelerate language
learning. Today the  company offers  courses in  30 languages,  from the  most 
commonly spoken (such as English, Spanish and Mandarin) to the less  prominent 
(including Swahili,  Swedish  and  Tagalog). Since  2013,  Rosetta  Stone  has 
expanded  beyond  language  and  deeper  into  education-technology  with  its 
acquisitions of  Livemocha, Lexia  Learning, Vivity  Labs, and  Tell Me  More. 
Rosetta Stone is based in Arlington, VA, and has offices around the world.

For more information, visit www.rosettastone.com.

"Rosetta Stone" and related trademarks used herein are the property of Rosetta
Stone and are used and/or registered in the United States and other countries.

About Acesse Corporation
Acesse Corporation was founded  in 2006 and  is headquartered in  Minneapolis, 
MN. Acesse is a  global leader engaged  in a daily race  to provide our  small 
business partners with high-quality, affordable, and easy to use products  and 
services in an environment where there is constant change. Acesse is a  valued 
and trusted partner to small business  owners in their goal to reach  economic 
prosperity and achieve their dreams.

For more information, visit Acesse at www.marketing.acesse.com, Twitter, or
Facebook.

Rosetta Stone Media Contact:
Michelle Alvarez
malvarez@rosettastone.com
703-387-5862

Acesse Corporation Media Contact:
Sara Summers
pr@corp.acesse.com
612-460-4700

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf
of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.
The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for
the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.
Source: Rosetta Stone via Globenewswire
HUG#1854555
 



Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.












































Advertisements











    Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy          Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices    Website Feedback Help     


































