






AdStage Expands Twitter and Multi-account Functionality | Mobile Marketing Magazine










































































































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

















 



 






 






                                    Navigation                                


News

Advertising
Apps
Augmented Reality
Banking
Coupons & Barcodes
Deals
Devices
Entertainment
Legal
Location Based Services
Internet of Things
mCommerce
Messaging
Mobile Web
Near Field Communication
Networks
Payments
Search
Social Networking
Stats
Ticketing
Everything Else


Analysis

Features
Murphy’s Law


Guest Columns
Interviews
Videos
Whitepapers
Awards
Events
 






 








AdStage Expands Twitter and Multi-account Functionality

















Advertising platform AdStage has expanded its platform to add native support for Twitter ads, along with advanced functionality for agencies and in-house teams managing multiple accounts.
AdStage has integrated Twitter ads into its advertising platform after becoming an official Twitter Marketing Platform Partner. The integration enables advertisers to create and optimise full-featured Twitter ad campaigns in AdStage, choosing from all possible campaign objectives and creative types, analysing performance and quantifying results as they would with any other campaign.
The multi-account management tools rolled out are an evolution in the platform’s architecture that gives large advertisers and agencies the ability to easily group and manage distinct ad accounts across their portfolio of brands. The development transforms AdStage into a powerful management tool for advertisers with complex account structures, and gives them quick access to their account groups, as well as unlocking new performance dashboards that function across many levels of account structure.
“The UI of AdStage blows away any other ad management software I’ve tested for our agency,” said Greg Shumchenia, social media strategist at Nail Communications. “It feels less like you need a programming degree to figure it out, and more like a well-thought-out interface designed for consumers to take quick action with minimal to no training.”





 


















Advertising News Social Networking 



Tags: social advertisingsocial mediaTwitter 




Recent Posts 


 

Cannes Do





 

YuMe Launches Full-Stack Programmatic Video Marketplace





 

Apple Watch Doesn’t Bring Expected Boost to Smartwatch Market







Related Posts



 

Universal’s Horror Film ‘Unfriended’ Promoted with Facebook Chatbot





 

Twitter’s ‘Project Lightning’ Aims to Reshape Current Events





 

Video and Photo Will Dominate Social by 2020




 




Author Description

 
Tim Maytom is a reporter for Mobile Marketing Magazine 











            No Responses 
            to “AdStage Expands Twitter and Multi-account Functionality”
        





 





Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website









Leave a Reply Cancel Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked  Name 
Email 
Website
Are you human? 


		seven × 1 =   Comment 








 


 



Latest NewsCannes Do 
YuMe Launches Full-Stack Programmatic Video Marketplace 
Apple Watch Doesn't Bring Expected Boost to Smartwatch Market 
UK "Ahead of the Game" in mCommerce 
Apple Strikes Another Blow Against Advertisers 
Innovation Lab: AR Cycling, Bumblebee Drones & Holograms in Space 
Swrve Releases Predictive Marketing Solution 
Yahoo Debuts Mobile Search Engine 
Alcatel-Lucent Joins 5G Effort at Dresden University 
Movers & Shakers, 25 June: BlisMedia, Publicitas and More 
 See more
 
Keep Update With mmm










RSSSubscribe

20431








 



 
Send Bulk SMS in the UK

Recent JobsMobile Solutions Manager – Data Locator GroupAudience Manager (Delegate Sales + CRM)Payments Manager – Mobile (Cross Platform) – Social NetworkMobile Strategist - Leading App Developer Delegate Sales Executive/Audience ManagerAccount Manager – Mobile Marketing – Mobile Marketing Tech Start-up!Digital / Mobile Project Manager – full service digital agency – start-up! LondonMid-Weight Mobile Project Manager - Awesome Mobile Agency!  



 










 




















Home
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Mobile Marketing Magazine
 


                            	© 2013. All Rights Reserved. Mobile Marketing Magazine 






 
 

























This site uses cookiesNo problemMore info
