


AeroFS Launches First Docker-Ized Private Cloud Service To Give Enterprises Unlimited Platform Choice For Secure Collaboration


  





































Latest Issue
Subscribe Now!















 



 Home

 
            Technology Centers 


 Access Control & Video Surveillance

 Backup & Recovery

 Data Collection & Mobility

 Enterprise Content Management

 ISV/Software Developer

 Managed Services

 Networking

 Point of Sale & Payment Processing



 
            Channel Topics 


 
            Product Reviews & Comparisons 


 2-Inch Mobile Receipt Printers

 360-Degree IP Cameras

  All-In-One POS Terminals

 All-In-One POS Terminals Under $1300

 Backup And Disaster Recovery Solutions

 Backup And Disaster Recovery Solutions - Part 2

 Professional Services Automation Software Solutions

  Remote Monitoring And Management Solutions

 Restaurant / Hospitality Tablet POS Comparison

 Retail Tablet POS Comparison

 Rugged 4-Inch Mobile Label Printers



 
            Special Reports 


 A VAR & ISV's Guide To EMV

 A VAR & MSP's Guide To Health IT Trends

 Best Channel Vendors

 Executive Insight

 IT Integrators' Guide To Security

 Partner Program Insider

 POS & Payment Processing Guide



 
            Industry Associations 


 Inside ASCII

 Inside CompTIA

 Inside HTG Peer Groups

 Inside RSPA



 
            Vertical Resource Centers 


 Education

 Field Service

 Government

 Grocery & Convenience Stores

 Healthcare

 Hospitality

 Manufacturing & Warehousing

 Retail

 SMB



 Featured Suppliers



 
            Magazine 


 SUBSCRIBE/RENEW

 Current Issue

 Past Issues

 Update Address

 Cancel Subscription



 Blog

 
            Channel Conferences 


 Retail IT VAR Of The Future

 Channel Transitions

 Smart VAR Summit

































News                 |   May 12, 2015    













AeroFS Launches First Docker-Ized Private Cloud Service To Give Enterprises Unlimited Platform Choice For Secure Collaboration




New offering enables businesses to deploy private collaboration solutions on any cloud service, including OpenStack, Digital Ocean, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and more
AeroFS, a leading provider of enterprise private cloud collaboration services, recently announced the first private cloud offering of its kind to officially run on Docker.
By utilizing Docker, companies can deploy or migrate their AeroFS infrastructure to any cloud service provider in the world with just one click -- regardless of virtualization or OS environment. The unique combination of choice and portability makes it simple to support an organization’s shifting budgetary and compliance needs.
“As government regulation and pricing models continue to evolve in the cloud computing world, it’s never been more important for enterprises to be nimble about their cloud services,” said Yuri Sagalov, CEO and co-founder of AeroFS. “By allowing enterprises to deploy AeroFS using Docker, companies can meet the regulatory, compliance, and security needs of their customers and employees in the evolving cloud landscape.”
For more information on how AeroFS and its integration with Docker, visit www.aerofs.com/blog/aerofs-on-docker.
About AeroFS
AeroFS is an enterprise file syncing and collaboration service that never stores data in the public cloud. AeroFS allows coworkers to share and collaborate securely while remaining compliant and meeting regulatory requirements. With simple-to-use solutions for personal and business use, AeroFS runs behind company firewalls, making it the easiest and most secure option available. Based in Palo Alto, Calif., AeroFS is revolutionizing the file syncing and sharing space and giving new meaning to the concept of secure data.

SOURCE: AeroFS

 



SIGN ME UP

    By clicking Sign Me Up, you agree to our Terms
    and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
 


























































 

 







Newsletter Signup




 Get the latest channel trends, news, and insights





Email


 
 

    By clicking Sign Me Up, you agree to our Terms
    and that you have read our Privacy Policy.


 

















































×
Contact Details



Address
   


Phone



 

Company Profile 
Email Us





















 Request Media Kit 
 BPA 
 Ad Specifications 
 Editorial Calendar 
 Be A Contributor 







 Article Reprints 
 List Rentals 







 Current Issue 
 Past Issue 
 Subscribe/Renew 
 Update Address 
 Cancel Subscription 







 Contact BSMInfo.com 
 Meet the Team 
 Commenting Guidelines 




























Copyright © 1996-2015 Jameson Publishing All Rights Reserved.  Terms of Use.  Privacy Statement.
    








