



The Amazon Rainforest



















































THE AMAZON: 
WILDLIFE | 
PEOPLE | 
DEFORESTATION | 
CONSERVATION | 
PHOTOS | 
NEWS
















































The Amazon: The World's Largest Rainforest

By Rhett Butler
 [citation]













RECENT NEWS ON THE AMAZON






Amazon tribe creates 500-page traditional medicine encyclopedia 
(06/24/2015)
In one of the great tragedies of our age, indigenous traditions, stories, cultures and knowledge are winking out across the world. Whole languages and mythologies are vanishing, and in some cases even entire indigenous groups are falling into extinction. This is what makes the news that a tribe in the Amazon have created a 500-page encyclopedia of their traditional medicine all the more remarkable.

Has Amazon deforestation reached a 7-year high in Brazil?
(06/18/2015)
Analysis of satellite data suggests deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon may have reached a seven-year high.

It can be done! – Building better dams in the Andean Amazon 
(06/18/2015)
More than 150 dams are currently planned for five of the six major Andean tributaries of the Amazon River. Damming those large, free-flowing streams would provide hydropower to half a dozen South American countries – meeting their energy needs for decades to come, but with unknown, potentially calamitous environmental and social impacts.

Gold miners invade Amazonian indigenous reserve
(06/16/2015)
Illegal miners have invaded an indigenous reserve in the Peruvian Amazon, reveals new analysis of satellite imagery.

Bolivia opens protected areas to oil companies
(06/16/2015)
A new law has opened millions of hectares of protected areas in Bolivia to oil and gas extraction.

Rainforest parks cut malaria transmission
(06/16/2015)
Strictly protected areas in the Brazilian Amazon are associated with lower rates of malaria transmission than extractive reserves, mining zones, and areas with roads, reports a paper published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The findings add to a growing body of data suggesting that conservation efforts contribute to human welfare.

90% of Amazon deforestation occurs outside protected areas
(06/13/2015)
Ten percent of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon between August 2012 and July 2014 occurred in protected areas, reports new research from Imazon.

Inside The Toxic Tour: Not for prime-time Ecuador (PHOTOS)
(06/12/2015)
Ecuador spent $4 million to promote itself during the 2015 Super Bowl as an ecotourism destination. The ad was backed by the Beatles' booming anthem 'All You Need is Love.' The Toxic Tour offers a different perspective: taking visitors into the belly of the beast, the epicenter of Ecuador's petroleum exploitation grid, a trip best accompanied by REM's anti-anthem, 'It's the end of the World.'

Tapajós and other Amazon dams not sustainable development say reports
(06/11/2015)
Plans to build hydroelectric dams globally -- especially in the Amazon and other tropical locales -- are often touted as 'sustainable development.' However, according to a trio of new reports, these large infrastructure projects will do enormous harm to rainforest ecosystems and indigenous peoples, while also emitting far more greenhouse gases than the U.N. and other organizations officially estimate, with potentially disastrous results.

151 dams could be catastrophic to Amazon ecological connectivity
(06/10/2015)
As South American countries begin to move beyond fossil fuels, many are looking to hydropower. The rivers flowing from the Andes Mountains down into the Amazon basin could provide a wealth of liquid potential to meet the energy demands of expanding populations, economies, and development.

Satellite images provide new view of uncontacted Amazonian communities
(06/10/2015)
A laundry list of dangers threaten Amazonia’s few remaining uncontacted indigenous communities. Colonists and industry workers often grab tribal land for mining, logging, drug trafficking, or hydrocarbon extraction, which damage the groups’ environment and bring them into conflict with armed settlers. Careless encroachment by outsiders can also bring diseases to which uncontacted groups have no immunity.

Bolivia's aggressive agricultural development plans threaten forests
(06/08/2015)
Bolivia's government, supported by some small and most large producers, pushes to expand agricultural lands at the expense of the nation's environment. In April 2015, small-scale Bolivian farmers gathered for a summit with stakeholders from a very different part of the agricultural sector: commercial farmers who oversee vast farms and watch international exchange markets just as closely as the weather.

Amazon news feed.






AMAZON RAINFOREST PICTURE HIGHLIGHTS


Jaguar (Panthera onca)
Red passion vine flower
Canopy access platform in the flooded swamp forest of the Colombian Amazon
Leaf in the rainforest understory
Canopy platform in Amacayacu National Park
Polluted river merging with a pristine river in the Amazon
Andean cock-of-the-rock
Tambopata Rainforest
Boa constrictor in defensive mode
Blue-and-yellow macaw in Peru
Blue-and-yellow macaws (Ara ararauna); Yellow-crowned parrots (Amazona ochrocephala); and Scarlet macaws feeding on clayLocation: Tambopata rainforest(Peru)
Varadero morph of Ranitomeya imitator
Green iguana (Iguana iguana), up close and personal
Amazon rainforest and cattle pasture(Brazil)
Small scale deforestation in the Colombian Amazon



Forest along bank of Tambopata riverLocation: Tambopata rainforest(Peru)
Aerial photo of an Amazon rainforest tributary
Overhead view of a twisting rainforest river
Brazilian Tapir (Tapirus terrestris) [juvenile](Brazil)
Orange-red river in the Amazon
Borugo (Agouti taczanowskii)
Flowering trees in the rainforest canopy(Peru)
Harpy eagle
Owl butterfly (Caligo idomeneus)(Peru)
Leaf toad (Bufo species?)
Cane toad (Bufo marinus)
Leaf-mimicking praying mantis
Blue arrow poison frog
Overhead view of the Río Huaypetue gold mine in Peru
Clearing of Amazon forest for pasture or soy(Brazil)



Emergent tree rising above the Amazon rainforest canopy
Rainbow over the Amazon
Cabybara
Highly biodiverse submontane forest of the Amazon basin
Aerial photo of the rainforest canopy in Peru's Western Amazon
Waterfall
Gray-winged Trumpeters (Psophia crepitans)
Kurere ehtephe rapids
Hot pink and turquoise insect
Rainforest creek
Tree Runner lizard (Plica plica)
Festive Amazon Parrot (Amazona festiva)
Newly cleared section of Amazon forest(Brazil)
Shifting cultivation by the Trio tribe in the rainforest of Southern Suriname(Suriname)
Lone Brazil nut tree left standing in a deforested area(Brazil)




NEXT: Amazon rainforest ecology






THE AMAZON RAINFOREST

Rainforest ecology
Amazon wildlife
[amphibians | birds | fish | insects | mammals | reptiles]
Amazon people
Amazon destruction
[deforestation calculations | world deforestation rates]
Amazon conservation
Importance of the Amazon
Climate change and the Amazon
Interviews with Amazon experts
News on the Amazon
Visiting the Amazon
Amazon rainforest facts
Tropical rainforest information





For kids

About rainforests
Rainforest animals
Rainforest people
Why are rainforests important?
Why are rainforests disappearing?
How can we save rainforests?
Photo tours
Resources for teachers

Multi-media

Amazon slideshow tour
Amazon charts/graphs
amazon map
Deforestation photos
Rainforest pictures   
[amphibians |
birds |
frogs |
insects |
lizards |
mammals |
reptiles] 













THE AMAZON





Wildlife
People


News

Charts





Conservation

Deforestation

Photos

Countries




ADVERTISEMENT



KEY ARTICLES




Brazil could halt Amazon deforestation within a decade
Concerns over deforestation may drive new approach to cattle ranching in the Amazon
Are we on the brink of saving rainforests?
Amazon deforestation doesn't make communities richer, better educated, or healthier
Brazil's plan to save the Amazon rainforest
Beef consumption fuels rainforest destruction
How to save the Amazon rainforest
Oil development could destroy the most biodiverse part of the Amazon
Future threats to the Amazon rainforest
Half the Amazon rainforest will be lost within 20 years
Can cattle ranchers and soy farmers save the Amazon rainforest?
Globalization could save the Amazon rainforest
Amazon natives use Google Earth, GPS to protect forest home















RAINFORESTS





Mission
Introduction
Characteristics
Biodiversity
The Canopy
Forest Floor
Forest Waters
Indigenous People
Deforestation
Consequences
Saving Rainforests



Borneo
Congo
New Guinea
Sulawesi
REDD
Country Profiles
Statistics
Works Cited
Photos/Images
Expert Interviews
Rainforest News




ADVERTISEMENT





FOR KIDS





About rainforests
Rainforest animals
Rainforest people
Why are rainforests important?
Why are rainforests disappearing?
How can we save rainforests?
Resource for teachers
Photo tours




MONGABAY.COM





Mongabay.com provides news and analysis on tropical forests.  The site is considered a leading source of information on tropical forests by some of the world's top ecologists and conservationists.




Home
About
News
Travel Photos
Newsletter
Copyright
Contact



Books
T-shirts
Calendars
Tropical Fish
Madagascar
Carbon emissions
Deforestation data





Share























Rainforests | For Kids | FAQs | About | Home


Copright Rhett A. Butler 2010-2014



















