


















The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House, Perth CBD, Perth - Zomato Australia


















































































We're Hiring!


















         
















 




All of Perth

Recent Locations


Popular Locations
Perth CBD, PerthStirling, PerthFremantle, Perth 




 







Search for restaurant, cuisine or a dish

















Coming right up...





No results found




Suggested Searches


                                                Breakfast                                            



                                                Lunch                                            



                                                Dinner                                            



                                                Take-Away                                            



                                                Delivery                                            



                                                Drinks and Nightlife                                            









                        Search                    















































Casual Dining 










                                            SMS                                        








                                                    4.2                                                
 

 
















Write review

































Your Rating



         





                    -
                







 





















Phone number













Location

Perth CBD



        The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House Perth CBD, Perth, Australia address
    

        125 Saint Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 




The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House address, The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House location


                                            Get Directions                                     











138



                            reviews                        




 50



                        Photos                    

 

212
bookmarks


354
Check Ins









Cuisines served in The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House, Perth Australia




Cuisines
Asian 








The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House, Perth CBD timings




Opening hours














The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House info



Highlights

Dine-In Available


Serves Alcohol


Wifi Available










The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House, Perth CBD first review by

First Review By
















 Reviews ,
         Followers      









Cost and prices at The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House, Perth Australia





Cost 




















                                        Report Error                                    



                                        Edit Information                                    



                                        Report a Closure                                    

















                                Menu
                            











Add Menu









The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House Pictures
Photos





















+40Add Photos






Write a review
 






                                Please write at least 140 characters about your personal experience at this restaurant. If the restaurant hosted you and is expecting this review, please mention so.
                            




Write a review for The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House 



Your Rating


         







                    -
                

















Attached Photos
Remove all
Upload more  
                












Upload Photo
Add from Instagram













connect with instagram
cancel
Go back


Selected photos






«


No images found





































»



All photos
Only photos tagged #zomato

Confirm








Cancel






































                                            Reviews                                        










Popular 


Reviews 


Blogs 

 





Date


                                            Date - new to old                                        


                                            Rating - high to low                                        


                                            Rating - low to high                                        































 Reviews ,
         Follower      




Follow










one month ago








POSITIVE  
                                            Fight your way through the pretentious suits. Go upstairs. You're not here for a long time. But good food good service. Well worth the effort.
                                                            









                    1
                


                0
            























































 Reviews ,
         Followers      




Follow










one month ago








POSITIVE  
                                            We had our first visit to The Apple Daily last night with a group of friends and I have to say it was great. 
Every dish was packed full of flavour and delicious, could not fault anything at all. 
Great night with great food, we will
Be back again.
                                                            









                    1
                


                0
            





























































Follow










3 months ago







Rated  
                                            Having been to the restaurant itself at the Print Hall in Brookfield Place and sampled the food they put up at the Gourmet Escape, this was a must visit stall for us! We had the Smoked trout, green papaya salad, herbs, namjim ($12) and the Chicken wings with narm phrik pao caramel sauce with puffed rice ($9). They did not disappoint! Yum!
                                                                ...

























                    0
                


                0
            























































 Reviews ,
         Followers      




Follow










3 months ago








POSITIVE  
                                            I went here for a Friday work lunch and we tried a lot of dishes on the menu and everything was delicious! I felt some of the dishes were a little on the steep side for the size but hey -- that's CBD fine dining. Highly recommend the chicken wings, beef cheek curry & the purple ice-cream dessert (I forget it's name sorry).
                                                            









                    0
                


                0
            





























































Follow










3 months ago







                    
                    Apple Daily in the tremendous Brookfield Place development never fails to impress with its food, quality, ambience and atmosphere. On the mezzanine floor above the bar and elegant dining room of Print Hall and below the bustling roof top Bob’s Bar, it turns out stylish and contemporary Asian inspired food, packed with flavour and designed to share. On the night four of us went along – me and Lady FWO, our son and his lovely inamorata – it was already humming at 6.30 on a mid week night; we were delivered to a table on the far side of the area – the entrance side has a number of spacious booths where I have eaten on many occasions, but this was the first time on the other side – a host of tables and chairs, attentive waiters, and a real buzz about the place. The drinks list is well designed with a good range of beers and a smart selection of wines including many aromatic whites which really suit the food. On this occasion however we went for a bottle of 2011 Cabernet from the excellent Great Southern winery, Xabregas. This wine has lovely red berry aromas, with underlying hints of violets and mint. The palate is full of ripe fruit, chocolate tones, and with pronounced black berry notes. It has smooth tannins, and is an elegant and well structured wine. The menu has a changing list of street inspired food – small and larger plates – but all made with the aim of sharing. Our selection – beef rendang, green papaya salad, char kway teow, and smoked trout fried rice. The char kway teow, a favourite breakfast dish when I visit Penang, was outstanding. The thick slippery rice noodles, stir fried with a delicious spicy sauce, infused with the salty tones of dried shrimp paste and brimming with prawns, scallops and squid, has a wonderful smoky flavour and is as authentic as you can get. Brilliant. The rendang made from rich, tender, juicy beef cheek has great flavour which evolves as you eat – starting with the zesty freshness of ginge
                                          ...




                        
                        Apple Daily in the tremendous Brookfield Place development never fails to impress with its food, quality, ambience and atmosphere. On the mezzanine floor above the bar and elegant dining room of Print Hall and below the bustling roof top Bob’s Bar, it turns out stylish and contemporary Asian inspired food, packed with flavour and designed to share. On the night four of us went along – me and Lady FWO, our son and his lovely inamorata – it was already humming at 6.30 on a mid week night; we were delivered to a table on the far side of the area – the entrance side has a number of spacious booths where I have eaten on many occasions, but this was the first time on the other side – a host of tables and chairs, attentive waiters, and a real buzz about the place. The drinks list is well designed with a good range of beers and a smart selection of wines including many aromatic whites which really suit the food. On this occasion however we went for a bottle of...
                                                                                











                    0
                


                0
            





































                            Load More  























Nearby restaurants





Green Grocer



        Perth CBD, Perth
      






              3.1
            










Obsesso Espresso



        Perth CBD, Perth
      






              3.3
            










Small Print - Lobby ...



        Perth CBD, Perth
      






              3.0
            










Viet Hoa Brookfield ...



        Perth CBD, Perth
      






              3.5
            




 







Go exploring!
Download the Zomato app and discover great restaurants around on-the-go!




Available on











                    Or let us text you a                    download link







Zomato Spoonback

Add a blog post ›

 











Related to The Apple Daily Bar & Eating House, Perth CBD
Restaurants in Perth, Perth Restaurants, Perth CBD restaurants, Best Perth CBD restaurants, Perth Inner restaurants, Asian Restaurants in Perth, , Asian Restaurants in Perth Inner, Asian Restaurants in Perth CBD, Casual Dining in Perth, , Casual Dining in Perth Inner, Casual Dining in Perth CBD 


Restaurants around Perth CBD
Northbridge restaurants, East Perth restaurants, West Perth restaurants, Highgate restaurants 


Frequent searches leading to this page

print hall apple daily, apple daily restaurant, best restaurants in st georges tce, apple restaurant perth, apple daily menu 



















                                We're Hiring!
                            



                                About
                            



                                Blog
                            



                                Mobile
                            



                                Contact
                            










EN








English


Türkçe


Indonesian


Português


Español


Čeština


Slovenčina


Polish


Italian


Vietnamese







                                Privacy
                            



                                Terms
                            



                                Sitemap
                            



                                Policies
                            



                                Contact
                            
















                        Businesses ›
                    


                            Add
                        



                            Advertise
                        



                            Base
                        



                            Book
                        



                            Cashless
                        



                            Order
                        




                            Feedback
                        



                            Guidelines
                        












                    By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service, Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners. © 2008-2015 - Zomato™ Media Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
                








Find us on Google+













 

