











Money off at Argos | Spend Nectar points
























































Skip to content





Login with Facebook
Already linked your Facebook account? 
Related links
Learn more about this


New to Nectar?
Nectar is the nation's most popular loyalty programme and it's free to join.
Once registered you can:


Boost your balance with personalised bonus offers
Check how many points you have and what they are worth
Spend points with your favourite brands

Register now 















Search the Nectar website
Search:








































 













Spend your Nectar points at Argos

Enjoy money off at Argos, just by handing over your card at the till in store
Every 500 points = £2.50 off your total; top up the rest with cash or credit/debit card
You cannot redeem points online with Argos, but you can reserve online and pay in store with your points
Shop in more than 650 locations around the UK
Use your points on thousands of products from home and garden to toys and gifts






Get this reward:



Swipe your card in store to redeem
Simply hand over your card when you pay at the till to redeem your points.






Need to know
About
Terms & Conditions



Just hand over your card when paying and the points will automatically come off your Nectar account.
Please note only one card can be used per transaction. Multiple cards will not be accepted.
You can top up your balance with cash or credit/debit card if you like.
Nectar points cannot be redeemed online at argos.co.uk.
Points can be spent on items reserved online and paid for in store.



With thousands of products available, Argos has everything you need for your home and garden, as well as jewellery, toys and gifts.
Browse the latest catalogue in store, or search for an item and check prices and availability. Then note down the catalogue number, pay at the till and pick up your item at the collection point.
You can also collect points online at Argos - provided you go through Nectar eShops first.



Nectar points cannot be used to purchase goods over the phone or via the Argos website. Points are redeemable in-store only.
Simply present your Nectar card at the till and the cashier will swipe your card to automatically deduct the points from your account (subject to system availability). Any remaining balance will need to be paid in full by cash, debit or credit card on the day.
Points can be only be used by the Nectar card holder.
Only one Nectar card can be used per transaction.
Goods, services and/or discounts are subject to availability and may change from time to time.
Argos reserve the right to issue Argos Gift Cards redeemable in Argos stores only in respect of items purchased using Nectar points which are subsequently returned or cancelled.
No redemption is accepted until Argos has confirmed it to you.
Points cannot be redeemed and vouchers cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, promotion or discounted rate, unless otherwise stated.
In addition to the information on this page, this reward is subject to Argos' own terms and conditions.
Nectar points cannot be collected on any element of a transaction which is paid for by redeeming points.






Find your nearest Argos

























eShops

A-Z retailer list
Nectar Toolbar
Become an eShops partner
How eShops works






Collect points

Collect home
Collect A-Z
Fashion
Entertainment
Travel
Nectar Toolbar
Mobile Apps
Easy ways to collect






Spend points

Spend home
Magazine subscriptions
Vue Cinemas
Homebase
Argos
eBay
Oxfam
easyJet
PizzaExpress
Nectar Swim






My account

Log In
Points statement
My bonus offers
Personal details
Data choices
Forgotten your password?
Lost your Nectar card?
More about Nectar








Contact us
Site map
Privacy and Legal
Accessibility
Cookie policy
FAQs
Company information
Jobs
Nectar Business


Copyright © 2002 - 2015 Aimia Coalition Loyalty UK Ltd. All rights reserved.





































