








Excellent place for camera. Mobile or computer acc - Review of B&H Photo, New York City, NY - TripAdvisor








































Not ready to book?


No rush. We've  so you can come back any time, compare prices, and complete your booking.










Excellent place for camera. Mobile or... - B&H Photo














 










New York City Tourism




Hotels Near New York City




New York City Bed and Breakfast




New York City Vacation Rentals




New York City Vacations




Flights to New York City




New York City Restaurants




Things to Do in New York City




New York City Travel Forum




New York City Photos




New York City Map




New York City Travel Guide








All New York City Hotels 

New York City Hotel Deals 

Last Minute Hotels in New York City





Best Value Hotels in New York City


New York City Luxury Hotels


New York City Family Hotels


Romantic Hotels in New York City


New York City Green Hotels


New York City Business Hotels


New York City Spa Resorts


Apartments in New York City


New York City Hostels


Lodges in New York City







5-star Hotels in New York City


4-star Hotels in New York City


3-star Hotels in New York City







Pet Friendly Hotels in New York City


New York City Hotels with Pools


New York City Hotels with Free Parking







Manhattan Hotels


Midtown New York City Hotels


Times Square / Theater District Hotels


Murray Hill Hotels


Hell's Kitchen Hotels


Upper West Side Hotels


Chelsea Hotels


Financial District New York City Hotels


SoHo Hotels


Garment District Hotels







Suite Hotels in New York City


New York City Hotels with Balconies


New York City Modern Hotels


Boutique Hotels in New York City


Spring Break Hotels in New York City


Hotels with Military Discounts in New York City


New York City Hotels with Restaurants


New York City Hotels with Room Service


Luxury Family Hotels in New York City


Hotels with Nightclubs in New York City







Hotels near Central Park


Hotels near Top of the Rock Observation Deck


Hotels near The Metropolitan Museum of Art


Hotels near The National September 11 Memorial & Museum


Hotels near Empire State Building


Hotels near The High Line


Hotels near Broadway


Hotels near Times Square


Hotels near Statue of Liberty


Hotels near Grand Central Terminal


Hotels near Pace University






Flights



Vacation Rentals






All New York City Restaurants 

Restaurants near B&H Photo







All things to do in New York City 

Things to do near B&H Photo




Best of 2015



Your Friends 

Travel is better with friends.Get inspired by your friends and share your travel plans. Learn more





Travel Guides



Travel Forum



Apps



Cruises



GreenLeaders



Help Center
















B&H Photo
 




















 
 











Search

















 











“Excellent place for camera. Mobile or computer acc”






























































 B&H Photo 



(Chelsea)




+1 212-444-6615




 



Improve this listing 















 Reviews




Type: Lessons & Workshops, Classes & Workshops 


Attraction details 

Recommended length of visit: 1-2 hours 

Owner description: The B&H SuperStore is the place to test-drive and compare all the world's latest technology gear. Get your hands on gear, in the Photography, Video, Audio, Home & Portable Entertainment, and Optics departments. You'll find our sales staff is made up of industry professionals who share your passion for technology and will help you use it to its fullest potential. As you choose from over 235,000 products, feel free to enlist their help. 




 Sponsored links * 

 










There are newer reviews for this attraction
See the most recent reviews 


























Level  Contributor 


 













“Excellent place for camera. Mobile or computer acc”






This is one hell of a place with almost everything related to camera is found under one umbrella new or refurbished you find it there.The only reason I gave four star is they don't operate it in Saturday's and even online ordering is closed on Saturday and secondly not much refurbished products are there in other category other than camera.Prices are very reasonable and sometimes cheaper than the competitors.




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






Write a Review

65 reviews from our community




Visitor rating 


 



 



 



 



 
















65 reviews sorted by:


















English first 

French first 

German first 

Italian first 

Portuguese first 

Spanish first 

Any 






English first 

French first 

German first 

Italian first 

Portuguese first 

Spanish first 

Any 

























Danville, California




Amex Traveler 


Level  Contributor 


 













“Photos, Videos, & Equipemnt - Nothing Like It”






Camera, video, computers and everything technical, this IS the place and prepare for sensory overload, as they have EVERYTHING from a simple point and shoot camera to kitting out an entire television studio.The employees are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable and the store was surprisingly in order for being mobbed with last minute holiday shoppers. Beyond photography equipment, this warehouse has an immense selection of other electronic goods, from laptops to projectors. Go here but beware. You will try to run in every direction at once. Take your time- there's a lot to see.




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






















Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia





Level  Contributor 


 













“Excellent Haven for Tech & Photo Gear”






Over the years, many NewYork landmark tech shops such as 47th Photo, Crazy Eddie's, J&R and even Radio Shacks are closing down... but its refreshing that B&H remains strong and perfect plave to spend few hours if you are hunting for tech or photo gears.Located just off Herald Square near Macy's, this place is a haven with very good inventory of photo gears (even hard to find items) and computers with latest models and even updated tech like 3D printers.Store is spacious, well laid out and very well staffed.Definately the place to go shopping for tech or photo gears




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






















Sao Paulo, SP






 





“Computers and Cameras”






Apart from having the lowest prices I have ever seen, anywhere in North America or Europe, the service is beyond compare.The staff are friendly, know their technical product information, and make shopping there a delight.Whenever I visit New York, which is usually twice a year, I make a point of stopping in and buying the bits and pieces I need or that friends in Brazil have asked me to pick up.




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






















Pittstown, New Jersey





Level  Contributor 


 













“No One is Comparable”






B&H is the go to store for anything your need. Their New York store has so many things that I can spend hours just looking at things. Sales staff are very helpful answering any question you have. If they can't answer your question immediately, they'll look up,the answer.B&H has become more important since J&R closed a few years ago. There is no other store like this anywhere. Some have said their prices are high. Well, maybe, but the quality is high too. They don't sell junk.




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 







Previous
Next

1

3

14


 


Travelers who viewed B&H Photo also viewed










Economy Candy



120 Reviews



New York City, NY 











Forbidden Planet



37 Reviews



New York City, NY 



  








The Evolution Store



37 Reviews



New York City, NY 











Art of Intuitive Photography



87 Reviews



New York City, NY 



  


All things to do in New York City (3020)





Been to B&H Photo? Share your experiences! 





 



Owners: What's your side of the story? 

If you own or manage B&H Photo, register now for free tools to enhance your listing, attract new reviews, and respond to reviewers. 
Manage your listing 
 
 






Hotels travelers are raving about...

Fairfield Inn & Suites New York Midtown Manhattan/Penn Station651 Reviews New York City, NY0.1 miles from B&H Photo 



TRYP by Wyndham Times Square South2,330 Reviews New York City, NY0.1 miles from B&H Photo 



Wyndham New Yorker Hotel7,238 Reviews New York City, NY0.1 miles from B&H Photo 



EVEN Hotel Times Square SouthNew York City, NY0.1 miles from B&H Photo 



Homewood Suites by Hilton New York Midtown Manhattan Times Square South Ny717 Reviews New York City, NY0.2 miles from B&H Photo 



Courtyard by Marriott New York Times Square West522 Reviews New York City, NY0.2 miles from B&H Photo 

 

Doubletree By Hilton - Times Square South900 Reviews New York City, NY0.2 miles from B&H Photo 



The GEM Hotel Hudson Yards, an Ascend Hotel Collection Member489 Reviews New York City, NY0.2 miles from B&H Photo 



Quality Inn Midtown West464 Reviews New York City, NY0.2 miles from B&H Photo 

  




Browse nearby


Things to Do 

Hotels 

 Restaurants 














Also show 







Hotels



 







Restaurants



 







Things to Do



 







Neighborhoods



 









Also show 









 








MapSatellite 

Map updates are paused. Zoom in to see updated info. Reset zoom 





 




Your filters are still active. 

There are no pins in your viewport. Try moving the map or changing your filters. 


Thank you for your interest.This feature is coming soon. 


Sponsored by: 














 

 



Neighborhoods









Neighborhoods




Return to Map 










Which New York City hotels are on sale?



















 Sponsored links * 

Popular New York City attractions  

The Metropolitan Museum of Art
Ground Zero Museum Workshop
Manhattan Skyline
Frick Collection
Central Park
Top of the Rock Observation Deck
Broadway
Jazz at Lincoln Center
The National September 11 Memorial & Museum
The Cloisters
Radio City Music Hall
West Village
Grand Central Terminal
Bryant Park
Ground Zero Catholic Memorial
The Morgan Library & Museum
Madison Square Garden
Tenement Museum
Luxor Limo
The High Line








Popular Hotels 




Cambria Hotel & Suites New York Chelsea


 60 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















Eventi - a Kimpton Hotel


 2,441 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















Holiday Inn Express New York City Times Square


 1,489 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















Homewood Suites by Hilton New York Midtown Manhattan Times Square South Ny


 717 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















Residence Inn New York Manhattan/Times Square


 1,706 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 27, 2015















Staybridge Suites Times Square - New York City


 3,849 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 27, 2015















The Strand Hotel


 1,704 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 27, 2015















Wyndham New Yorker Hotel


 7,238 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel New York City - Times Square


 5,451 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















The Hotel at Times Square


 2,273 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 25, 2015















Wyndham Garden Hotel Manhattan, Chelsea West


 1,629 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















Room Mate Grace


 2,016 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 25, 2015















Fairfield Inn & Suites New York Manhattan/Chelsea


 521 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 24, 2015















The GEM Hotel Hudson Yards, an Ascend Hotel Collection Member


 489 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 20, 2015















Hotel Deauville


 440 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 12, 2015
















New York City resources


New York City Bed and Breakfast


New York City Maps


Hotels near B&H Photo


Hotels near ASA College


Hotels near Access Careers


Hotels near Allen School


Hotels near Atelier Esthetique Institute of Esthetics


Hotels near Aveda Institute - New York New York, NY





Explore the World
 Hotels




Santa Caterina Hotel in Amalfi


 655 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 24, 2015






Hotel D'Orsay


 21 reviews 

Last reviewed Jan 17, 2015






Excellence Resort Punta Cana


 9,647 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 27, 2015




  Travel Destinations




Grand Cayman Hotels


17 Hotels, 20,229 Reviews








Watkins Glen Hotels


9 Hotels, 2,196 Reviews








Orange Beach


17 Hotels, 6,576 Reviews








Saratoga Springs


31 Hotels, 7,217 Reviews






  Sightseeing




Okinawa Fruits Land in Nago


 138 reviews 







 




 










Reviews and advice on hotels, resorts, flights, vacation rentals, travel packages, and more so you can plan and book your perfect trip!




| 
|  


© 2015 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved. TripAdvisor Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.


* TripAdvisor LLC is not a booking agent and does not charge any service fees to users of our site... () 

We noticed that you're using an unsupported browser. The TripAdvisor website may not display properly. We support the following browsers:
Windows:
,
,
.
Mac:
.

TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content.

  

 



















 




























































