




basecamp/basecamp-classic-api · GitHub





































Skip to content







Sign up
Sign in




This repository






Explore


Features


Enterprise


Blog














    Watch
  

    15
  




    Star
  

      67
    




        Fork
      

        26
      




basecamp-classic-api











 

 


 


 





 

 


 

 




 clone URL






 checkout URL





You can clone with
  HTTPS or Subversion.
  





                  Download ZIP
                






      Official API documentation for Basecamp Classic
    

http://basecamphq.com










            commits
        





          branch
        





          releases
        






            Fetching contributors
          
 



























Branches


Tags











Nothing to show




Nothing to show












Discuss rate limiting in more detail and enumerate the limits in plac…


…e currently


latest commit 



        authored Aug 8, 2014




Permalink




Failed to load latest commit information.





































      README.md
    
Basecamp Classic API
This is the API for Basecamp Classic (basecamphq.com). Check out the API for the all new Basecamp (basecamp.com) on GitHub.
The Basecamp Classic API is implemented as vanilla XML over HTTP using all four verbs (GET/POST/PUT/DELETE). Every resource, like Post, Comment, or TodoList, has their own URL and are manipulated in isolation. We've tried to make the API follow the REST principles as much as we can.
Wrappers and example code

Ruby basecamp-wrapper by anibalcucco
Python Basecamp Wrapper by Jochen
Python basecampreporting by cmheisel
PHP API Wrapper by sirprize
Java API Wrapper by johndavidjohn

Wrote your own API wrapper? Feel free to open a pull request and add to this list!
Authentication
If you're making a private integration with Basecamp Classic for your own purposes, you can use HTTP Basic authentication. This is secure since all requests in the new Basecamp use SSL.
Your API token can be found by logging into your Basecamp Classic account, clicking on the "My Info" link in the upper-right, and then clicking the "Show your tokens" at the bottom (under "Authentication tokens").
If you're making a public integration with Basecamp Classic for others to enjoy, you can also use OAuth 2. This allows users to authorize your application to use Basecamp Classic on their behalf without having to copy/paste API tokens or touch sensitive login info.
Read the Basecamp API Authentication Guide for more info on using OAuth.
Making a request
Be sure to set both the 'Content-Type' and 'Accept' headers to 'application/xml' to identify the request and response format. Example with Curl:
curl -H 'Accept: application/xml' -H 'Content-Type: application/xml' \
  -u hoodlum:up2n0g00d \
  -d '<todo-item><content>...</content></todo-item>' \
https://url/todo_lists/123/todo_items.xml

Identify your app
You should include a User-Agent header with the name of your application and a link to it or your email address so we can get in touch in case you're doing something wrong (so we may warn you before you're blacklisted) or something awesome (so we may congratulate you). Here's a couple of examples:
User-Agent: Freshbooks (http://freshbooks.com/contact.php)
User-Agent: Fabian's Ingenious Integration (fabian@example.com) 

Requests made without an identifiable User-Agent are much more tightly rate-limited.
API Endpoints

Account
Projects
People
Companies
Categories
Messages
Comments
Todo Lists
Todo List Items
Calendar Entries
Time Tracking
Attachments
Files

(Hint: Press t to enable the file finder and type out the endpoint you need!)
Need a sample of each XML blob will look like? Check out the Data Reference.
Responses
If a request succeeds, it will return a status code in the 200 range and often, an XML-formatted response. Note that, in general, if a request causes a new record to be created (like a new message, or to-do item, etc.), the response will use the "201 Created" status. Any other successful operation (like a successful query, delete, or update) will return a 200 status code.
Rate limiting
API requests are subject to rate limiting. Design your API client to expect and properly respond when you encounter a rate-limited response.
A rate limit is based on the number of requests made within a time window. For example, 100 requests within a minute. If you make more requests than that in a minute, subsequent requests will be rate-limited for the following minute.
When you exceed a rate limit, you'll get a 503 or 429 response with a Retry-After header indicating how many seconds to wait before trying again. Wait until that time has elapsed and resume your requests. Retrying the request before the time window has elapsed will flag your API client for flooding.
Rate limits in effect as of August 2014, per source IP and Basecamp account:

GET: 500 requests per 10 seconds
Non-GET: 100 requests per 10 seconds
No User-Agent header: 60 requests per minute

It's especially important to set an identifiable User-Agent header. If you exceed 60 requests in a minute, your client will need to wait a full minute to resume.
SSL Usage
A non-SSL request made against an account that has SSL enabled (and vice versa) will receive a "302 Found" response. The Location header will contain the correct URI.
If SSL is enabled for your account, ensure that you're using https. If it's not, ensure you're using http.
Documentation Conventions
To make things easier to understand, the following notation is used:

#{text}: Indicates text that should be replaced by your own data
...: Indicates content from the response has been elided for brevity in documentation. See the list of data responses at the end of the page for a full description of the format of that response type.

Help us make it better
Please tell us how we can make this API better. If you have a specific feature request or if you found a bug, please open a support ticket. Also, feel free to fork these docs and send a pull request with improvements!
To talk with us and other developers about the API, post a question on StackOverflow tagged basecamp or open a support ticket.











Status
API
Training
Shop
Blog
About
Help





© 2015 , Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Contact
























      Something went wrong with that request. Please try again.
    




