



Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate Florida 1st






































Go To BHGRE.com





















FIND A HOME





LOCATIONS






Find an Agent






Search



 Browse Agents


 National Agent Search


Fort Lauderdale811 E. Las Olas Blvd.Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301view details777 S. Federal HwyFort Lauderdale, FL 33316view details2700 E. Oakland Pk BlvdFort Lauderdale, FL 33306view detailsWeston131 Weston RoadWeston, FL 33326view details 


LIVING BETTER




The Better Blog

Interior Design
Outdoor Design
Entertaining
Tips for Buyers & Sellers
Home Maintenance
Ask a Pro




Advice

Finance
Buying & Selling
Making an Offer
Closing
Moving




Videos

Real Estate Quick Tips
BHGRE TV
Better TV
Home, First Home season 3














EXPLORE



Tools & Calculators

Home Values
Affordability Calculator
Monthly Payment Calculator
Refinance Calculator
Rent vs. Buy Calculator

Opportunities

Careers in Real Estate
Franchise Opportunities











Community Information
Learn about the neighborhoods you are considering moving to!
Start with a neighborhood name, city, or zip code.


















Home
Our Agents
Featured Searches 

Fort Lauderdale
Oakland Park


Careers
Contact Us
Agents Only
866.385.8881
 













The Friendliest Search In Real Estate

Our Agents
































BHGRE Life





 
 

Jun
25


Window Treatments 101: Styles & Options for Your Home

										How do you pick the right treatments for your windows? And where do you even start to look? Take a lesson in matching the right window treatments to your home’s More







 
 

Jun
23


Ask a Pro Q&A: Are Lobelia Plants Poisonous?

										The blue flowering plant looks beautiful, but could it be poisonous? On this week’s installment of Ask a Pro, Dream Team member and Outdoor Design expert Carson Arthur talks about the More







 
 

Jun
18


Add Color to Your Living Room for Summer

										Summer is the perfect time to rework your living room. Who wants to look at those dark earthy neutrals or sit on heavy fabrics when it’s hot outside? For new More







 
 

Jun
16


Ask a Pro Q&A: How to Find a Rent-to-Own Home

										Some people are renters, some people are buyers, and some fall right in between! On this week’s installment of Ask A Pro, our Real Estate pro Karlton Utter, Senior Director of More


















							The Distinctive Reader						

							Check out our Bi-Yearly Magazine						

							Check out the newest edition of our EXCLUSIVE Distinctive Collection Magazine. What's Inside? It features luxurious properties throughout South Florida with our Team BHG agent directory and much more!						

View the Collection Here



















							View Our Distinctive Collection Listings						

							Exquisite Florida Estates $1M+						

							The Distinctive Collection showcases our most prestigious tier of real estate. From waterfront escapes to country manors, choose your luxury home in the South Florida market.						

View Properties
















Supreme Lending
Our Partners

							We have a strong and genuine belief in the "customer for life" principle of doing business: it is what fuels our company. Referrals from previous customers and local real estate professionals have always delivered the majority of Supremes’ producti...						
Meet the Staff









Lawyers 1st Title
Our Partners

							We at Lawyers 1st Title welcome you to our website and the opportunity to be of service to you. We hope you find our information about title insurance and resources helpful to you. Buying and selling property in South Florida's fast-paced real estate...						
Find Out More Information




 










HOME SEARCH
Find an agent
Homes for sale
Distinctive collection homes



RESEARCH
Community search
Home values
Calculators



ABOUT US
Why BHGRE
Media Center
BHGRE Life Blog
Cleanslate Blog


JOIN US
Franchise Opportunities
Real estate careers
BHGRE Events


 


FIND A HOME NOW
FIND AN AGENT
FIND AN OFFICE




































Terms & Privacy


Home
Our Agents
Featured Searches
Careers
Contact Us
Agents Only
866.385.8881

Contact









                Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate is a new residential real estate company with a growing network of local brokerage offices. Our real estate agents and brokers offer professional, knowledgeable realty advice and services for home buyers and sellers. Our website offers real estate search, including MLS listings for selected locations. You can also find in depth articles about buying, selling and owning real estate. Conducting a property search may direct you to a Web site that is owned and operated by a Better Homes and Gardens® Real Estate brokerage. The site will contain local listing information that meets your search criteria. Different terms of use and privacy policies will apply.            

                The schools shown represent both the nearest schools by distance and the assigned schools based on local school and district attendance boundaries. Attendance boundaries change based on various factors and proximity does not guarantee enrollment eligibility. Please consult your real estate agent and/or the school district to confirm the schools this property is zoned to attend. Information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed.            

                IDX listing data, community and school boundary data provided by Onboard Informatics, LLC.  Data augmented by mapping provided by Microsoft, drive time and commute data by INRIX, Inc.                Zillow.com, Zillow, and Zestimate are registered trademarks or trademarks of Zillow, Inc. © Zillow, Inc, and suppliers. Any use of Zillow tools is subject to their general Term of Use.            

© Copyright 2015, Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate LLC.


                All Rights Reserved. Better Homes and Gardens® is a registered trademark of Meredith Corporation licensed to Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate LLC. An Equal Opportunity Company. Equal Housing Opportunity. Each Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate office is independently owned and operated.            




















