 




Hacking Victim Bit9 Blames SQL Injection Flaw | CIO




































































































Trending
Big Data
Careers
Cloud
Consumer Tech
Project Management
IT Strategy
Mobile
Social Media
Security
Resources/White Papers















Most read 

Louisiana governor vetoes license plate reader legislation
Apple hears Taylor Swift, to pay artists during free music trial
How encryption keys could be stolen by your lunch
iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Heavy metal! Fingerprints! A kinda-sorta-maybe release date!
Taylor Swift takes issue with Apple Music free trial in open letter
Taylor Swift slams Apple for not paying artists during Apple Music trial













Search







Search for



Suggestions for you



Insider email 





Big Data

Careers/Staffing

Cloud Computing

Consumer Technology

Consumerization of IT

Developers

Enterprise Software

Government

Hardware

Healthcare

IT Industry

IT Strategy

All IT Strategy
CIO Role
CMO Role
IT Organization
Innovation
Leadership/Management
Outsourcing


Infrastructure

All Infrastructure
Data Center
Networking
Storage
Virtualization


Insider

Internet

All Internet
Online Marketing


Mobile

All Mobile
Mobile Application Management (MAM)
Mobile Apps
Mobile Device Management (MDM)
Smartphones
Tablets
Wearable Technology


Operating Systems

All Operating Systems
Apple OS
Google OS
Linux
Windows


Security

All Security
Cybercrime
Disaster Recovery
Malware
Regulatory Compliance
Security Privacy


Social Media

All Social Media
Facebook
Google +
LinkedIn
Social Enterprise
Twitter




Contact Us


		Magazine 
		


Subscription Services
Subscribe
Archive


News
Opinion
Resources
Slideshows
Video

More 

More
CIO Executive Council
Events
IT Jobs
Newsletters
RSS


Blogs






















News
Hacking Victim Bit9 Blames SQL Injection Flaw





More like this



Bit9 Says Attack Likely Targeted a Narrow Set of Companies




Researchers Link Latest Java Zero-day Exploit to Bit9 Hack




Multivendor Power Council Formed to Address Digital Certificate Issues




on IDG Answers



How to prevent SQL injection attacks?













The company's breach came after it failed to install its own security software




  






















































Email a friend


To

Use commas to separate multiple email addresses




From
















		     





Privacy Policy




Thank you
Your message has been sent.



Sorry
There was an error emailing this page.







				
				
					
				
















By 


Follow






 













Security
Intrusion




Bit9 said a common Web application vulnerability was responsible for allowing hackers to ironically use the security vendor's systems as a launch pad for attacks on other organizations.Based in Waltham, Massachusetts, the company sells a security platform that is designed in part to stop hackers from installing their own malicious software. In an embarrassing admission, Bit9 said earlier this month that it neglected to install its own software on a part of its network, which lead to the compromise.In a more detailed explanation on its blog on Monday, Bit9 said attackers gained access by exploiting a SQL injection flaw in one of its Internet-facing Web servers. A SQL injection flaw can allow a hacker to enter commands into a web-based form and get the backend database to respond.The compromise happened around July 2012, wrote Bit9's CTO Harry Sverdlove. Once inside Bit9, the hackers accessed a virtual machine used to digitally sign code for Bit9, a security measure that verifies the company's code is legitimate.The compromised server was shut down for about six months, but was brought back online in January. Bit9 then discovered the problem. "We took immediate containment and remediation steps, revoked the certificate in question and reached out to our entire customer base," Sverdlove wrote.The hackers used Bit9's certificate to sign 32 of their own malicious files and scripts. Sverdlove described some of the malware as backdoors with the names "HiKit" and "HomeUNIX."With Bit9's certificate, the malware would look legitimate to other security software. As its investigation unfolded, Bit9 found that the hackers planted the malware on other websites, constructing what is known as a drive-by-download attack.That attack would exploit users running outdated versions of Oracle's Java software, which had been found to contain numerous vulnerabilities in recent months."We believe the attackers inserted a malicious Java applet onto those sites that used a vulnerability in Java to deliver additional malicious files, including files signed by the compromised certificate," Sverdlove wrote.All told, three Bit9 customers were attacked, but Sverdlove did not reveal their names. More than 1,000 companies use Bit9's software, including Fortune 500 companies in banking, energy, aerospace and defense and U.S. federal government agencies.Sverdlove wrote that the attacks appeared to be designed to "infiltrate select US organizations in a very narrow market space." Utilities, banks and government entities were not affected, he wrote.Once the malware was installed, it communicated with servers on IP ranges belonging to network providers including New Century InfoComm Tech Co., Ltd. of Taiwan, the Asia Pacific Network Information Centre in South Brisbane, Australia, and Sparkstation in Singapore.Bit9 said its product code was not affected, but it is reviewing its entire code base. The company also is undergoing a security audit and "addressed the errors that led to the compromise," Sverdlove wrote."While we believe Bit9 is the most effective protection you can have on your endpoints, I've always said there is no silver bullet to security," he wrote. "This incident has only fortified what we already knew...the enemy is persistent, sophisticated and motivated.Send news tips and comments to jeremy_kirk@idg.com. Follow me on Twitter: @jeremy_kirk




Security
Intrusion






Jeremy Kirk — 

Jeremy reports on security and regional news for the IDG News Service.
























 
Insider Resume Makeover: How to add flavor to a bland resume

View 



You Might Like








Join the discussion
Our Commenting Policies















Popular On CIO.com
Resume Makeover: The Power of a Success Story
Donald Burns discusses how to change your resume to include moments of success rather than a list of...


Challenges in IT hiring: Diana Bersohn, Accenture Strategy



6 things Samsung Galaxy S6 does that iPhone 6 can't





Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter   Go 



4 things iPhone 6 does that Samsung Galaxy S6 can't
The Apple iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S6 are two of the hottest smartphones available, but each has its...



Galaxy S6 features not found on iPhone 6
CIO.com's Al Sacco shows off some hardware and software features on the new Samsung Galaxy S6 that...




BrandPostLearn more





 Microsoft
Solving the Unstructured Data Challenge


 PC Connection
Remove the Guesswork





 Worksoft
Embrace Digital Risk





 PLEX
For Real-Time Decision-Making, Manufacturers Are Thinking Mobile












    
    
    Resources
    
    







White Paper

5 Ways Private PaaS Helps IT to Support Digital Business Growth








White Paper

7 Critical Questions to Demystify DRaaS



Video/Webcast

Big Data Impacts on Hybrid Infrastructure and Management








White Paper

Buyer's Guide: Enterprise Platform as a Service (PaaS)










Content Management with an 81% ROI








Go







Featured Stories

Digital marketers look for behavioral triggers
Behavioral triggers let marketers identify your recent Web activity to strike while the iron (and your...






Court wants to search Facebook for porn data

A Dutch court won't take Facebook's word it has deleted data that could identify the person behind a...






Does marketing, sales or engineering drive you?

Most tech companies are engineering-driven.  However, some, like Oracle, are sales-driven and yet...






The 5 best Android and iOS apps of summer 2015

These five Android and iOS apps, for creating compelling media, scanning and digitizing documents,...










Sponsored Links



		TrackVia - Custom, Low-code Manufacturing Apps. Free 30-day Trial!
	

















Feature
News
News Analysis
Opinion
Slideshows
Videos




Sign up for Newsletters
Sign up for Insider
Subscribe to the Magazine







About CIO
Ad Choices
Advertising
Careers at IDG
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Subscription Services






Copyright © 1994 - 2015 CXO Media Inc. a subsidiary of IDG Enterprise


Explore the IDG Network descend

CFOworld
CIO
CITEworld
Computerworld
CSO
DEMO
Fritterati
Greenbot
IDC
IDG
IDG Answers
IDG Connect
IDG Knowledge Hub
IDG TechNetwork
IDG.TV
IDG Ventures
InfoWorld
IT News
ITwhitepapers
ITworld
JavaWorld
LinuxWorld
Macworld
Network World
PC World
TechHive
















This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »













































































