 




DDoS attack against Bitbucket darkens Amazon cloud  | Network World



































































































Trending
12 hot application container startups 
Satya Nadella's new mission for Microsoft
Resources/White Papers















Most read 

Review: Double your iPhone battery life with these 6 smartphone cases
Louisiana governor vetoes license plate reader legislation
How encryption keys could be stolen by your lunch
iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Heavy metal! Fingerprints! A kinda-sorta-maybe release date!
Microsoft's anti-surveillance, pro-privacy website was hacked by casino spammer
Happy Father's Day, from the Father of Hyperconvergence












Search







Search for



Suggestions for you



Insider email 





Security

All Security
Access Control
Application Security
Compliance
Malware/Cybercrime
Mobile Security
Network Security
Security and Vulnerability Management


LAN & WAN

All LAN & WAN
Ethernet Switch
IPv6
Internet of Things
Router
Service Providers
WAN Optimization


SDN

Unified Communications/VoIP

All Unified Communications/VoIP
Collaboration/Social
Contact Center
E-mail Services
Videoconferencing
VoIP


Cloud Computing

All Cloud Computing
Cloud Security
Cloud Storage
Hybrid Cloud
IaaS
PaaS
Private Cloud
Public Cloud
SaaS


Infrastructure Management

All Infrastructure Management
Application Performance Management
Asset Management
Network Management
System Management


Wireless

All Wireless
4G
Android
BYOD
MDM/MAM
Mobile Apps
Smartphones
Wi-Fi
iOS


Software

All Software
Applications
Big Data/Business Intelligence
CRM
ERP
Linux
Windows


Data Center

All Data Center
Business Continuity
Disaster Recovery
Green IT
Network Storage
PCs
Servers
Tablets
Virtual Desktop
Virtualization


SMB

Careers

All Careers
Education
IT Skills & Training
Salary


Tech Debates

Tech Primers

Cisco Subnet

Microsoft Subnet

Open Source Subnet

Events

All Events
Demo




News
Tests
Insider
Blogs
Resources/White Papers
Newsletters
Video
IT Job Search
Events


























Buzzblog

							
								
							
















By 


Follow











About  
In addition to my editing duties, I have written Buzzblog since January, 2006. Feel free to e-mail me at buzz@nww.com.


Opinion
DDoS attack against Bitbucket darkens Amazon cloud 





Related



A pet peeve: pedantic pet peeves




Bitbucket's downtime is a cautionary cloud tale




Missing dot drops Sweden off the Internet












At least 16 hours elapsed before Amazon acknowledged nature of attack, says Bitbucket




  






















































Email a friend


To

Use commas to separate multiple email addresses




From
















		     





Privacy Policy




Thank you
Your message has been sent.



Sorry
There was an error emailing this page.




 












Data Center
Cloud Computing
DDoS




A crippling DDoS attack over the weekend against open-source hosting service Bitbucket and Amazon's EC2 service has questions being raised about the speed and effectiveness of Amazon's response to the emergency, as well as the general reliability of cloud services.Bottom line for Bitbucket? They're considering switching to a different provider, several of whom were "concerned" enough to offer their services while Bitbucket and Amazon struggled to stem the tide. Bitbucket has almost 19,000 users.I've requested comment from Amazon's public relations department. (Update: Amazon reply below.)From a Bitbucket blog post yesterday by Jesper Noehr:As many of you are well aware, we've been experiencing some serious downtime the past couple of days. Starting Friday evening, our network storage became virtually unavailable to us, and the site crawled to a halt.We're hosting everything on Amazon EC2, aka. "the cloud", and we're also using their EBS service for storage of everything from our database, logfiles, and user data (repositories.)The post offers a detailed blow by blow account of what Bitbucket needed to go through in order to get the situation resolved. Initially, they had a difficult time convincing Amazon technicians that the problem was on their end, and it was at least 16 hours before a DDoS attack was identified as the culprit.We filed an "urgent" ticket with Amazons support system, and within 5 minutes we had them on the phone. I spoke to the person there, describing our issue, continuously claiming that everything pointed to a network problem between the instance and the store.What came from that, was 5 or 6 hours of advice, some of which were obvious timesinks, while others were somewhat credible. What they kept coming back to was that EBS is a "shared network resource" and performance would vary. We were also told to use RAID0 to distribute our load over several EBS instances to increase the throughput.At this point, we were getting less throughput than you can pull off of a 1.44MB floppy, so we didn't accept this for an answer. We did some more tests, trying to measure the bandwidth of the machine by fetching their "100mb.bin" files, which we couldn't do. We again emphasized that this was in fact, in all likelihood, a network problem.Despite acknowledging the possibility they might abandon the Amazon service, Bitbucket's Noehr went out of his way to praise the professionalism of the Amazon response team and deflect blame from the service itself.One thing's for sure, we're investing a lot of man-hours into making sure this won't happen again. If this means moving to a different host, so be it. We haven't decided yet.They're talking about the episode at Hacker News:And there's also discussion over at Reddit, including this take.Bitbucket wrote: "After a bit of stalling with their first rep., our case received absolutely stellar attention. They were very professional in their correspondence, and in communicating things to us along the way."Reddit commenter: "I disagree. The only reason Amazon did something was because of this:Bitbucket wrote: "At this point, our outage was well known, especially in the Twittosphere. We have some rather large customers relying on service with us, and some of these customers have some hefty support contracts with Amazon. Emails were sent.Shortly after this, I requested an additional phone-call from Amazon, this time to our system administrator. He had been compiling some rather worrying numbers over the past hours, since up until now, the support had refused to acknowledge a problem with the service. They claimed that everything was working fine, when clearly, it was not.This time, a different support rep. called, and this time, they were ready to acknowledge our problem as "very serious."Reddit commenter: "So while Amazon has corrected itself in the end, it was not before receiving a swift kick in the ass. What if this was a small business without influential friends? Then Amazon would leave them high and dry. That's what I take from this."Not all the details are known, of course, but it's tough to see how that's an unfair take-away.(Updated, 3:15: Just received this statement from Amazon: "Over the weekend, one of our customers reported a problem with their Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS). This issue was limited to this customer's single Amazon EBS volume and other customers were not affected."We did not immediately look beyond the reported problem and spent too much time focusing on what was believed to be an issue with the Amazon EBS volume.  While the customer perceived this issue to be slowness of their EBS volume, what we ultimately found was not a problem with Amazon EBS, but rather that the customer's Amazon EC2 instance was receiving a very large amount of network traffic."This large flood of traffic overwhelmed the networking of the customer's single Amazon EC2 instance and caused performance to degrade on all I/O operations on the instance.  Once we properly diagnosed the problem, we worked with the customer to put measures in place to help mitigate the unwanted traffic they were receiving. We have continued to work with the customer to apply network filtering techniques which have kept their site functioning properly."We are working on a post mortem to make sure we learn from this and continue to improve the speed with which we diagnose issues like this.  We will also be providing guidance to our customers on how they can better detect this sort of problem and use features like Elastic Load Balancing and Auto-Scaling to architect their services to better handle this sort of issue.")Welcome regulars and passersby. Here are a few more recent Buzzblog items. And, if you'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter, here's where to sign up.2009's 25 Geekiest 25th AnniversariesHalf of iPhone users would drop AT&T like a bad habit."Anonymous Digging?" What could go wrong?How long does The World's Oldest Person have left ... on average?Wiretapping charges may be the silliest ever recorded.Only 13% of Wikipedia contributors are women.Why would Microsoft patent a 'butt hinge with butt straps'?Snopes.com gets an "A" from fellow fact-checkers.




Data Center
Cloud Computing
DDoS





Wolfram|Alpha declares Oct. 21 'Homework Day'



500 words too taxing? Does the 'T' in MIT stand for Tweet?






Paul McNamara — 







































View 



You Might Like








Join the discussion
Our Commenting Policies















Don't Miss

The top 15 tech companies on the Fortune 500
We scour the F500 list to home in on the largest tech companies gracing the list.


Cisco warns of default SSH keys shipped in three products



Wi-Fi router's 'pregnant women' setting sparks vendor rivalry in China





Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter   Go 



12 hot application container startups 
From management to storage and networking to security – these startups have application containers...



Short Take: Apple Music, Siri integration and other WWDC thoughts
Computerworld's Ken Mingis and Keith Shaw discuss the 2015 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference...




BrandPostLearn more


 HP
How To Build A Hybrid Cloud Part 5












    
    
    Resources
    
    







White Paper

10 Steps to Make Your DCIM Implementation a Success








White Paper

5 Ways Private PaaS Helps IT to Support Digital Business Growth








White Paper

5 Ways Private PaaS is Revolutionizing Enterprise Web Hosting








White Paper

7 Critical Questions to Demystify DRaaS








White Paper

Accelerating Enterprise Docker Strategy with Private PaaS








Go







Top Stories
Juniper scales down the Internet core
PTX1000 router features 3Tbps in 2RU for distributed peering






Be paranoid: 10 terrifying extreme hacks

Nothing is safe, thanks to the select few hacks that push the limits of what we thought possible  






The top 15 tech companies on the Fortune 500

We scour the F500 list to home in on the largest tech companies gracing the list.   






Migrating to the cloud?  Start with a readiness assessment

A professional services engagement can best prep you for success
    










Sponsored Links

















Security

LAN & WAN

SDN

Unified Communications/VoIP

Cloud Computing

Infrastructure Management

Wireless

Software

Data Center

SMB

Careers

Tech Debates

Tech Primers

Cisco Subnet

Microsoft Subnet

Open Source Subnet

Events





Features
News
Blogs
Resources
Newsletters
Events







About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Careers at IDG
Site Map
Ad Choices






Copyright © 1994 - 2015 Network World, Inc. All rights reserved.


Explore the IDG Network descend

CFOworld
CIO
CITEworld
Computerworld
CSO
DEMO
Fritterati
Greenbot
IDC
IDG
IDG Answers
IDG Connect
IDG Knowledge Hub
IDG TechNetwork
IDG.TV
IDG Ventures
InfoWorld
IT News
ITwhitepapers
ITworld
JavaWorld
LinuxWorld
Macworld
Network World
PC World
TechHive
















This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »













































































