


Break Media, New Regency Partner for Short Film Competition - Hollywood Reporter - The Hollywood Reporter











































































































 

    Tech





        Subscribe
    



























    Behind The Screen



    NewFronts









    Movies



    TV



    Music



    Tech



    The Business



    Style



    Culture



    Awards



    Video



Subscribe



Blogs


    Heat Vision



    Bastard Machine



    Live Feed



    Behind the Screen



    ESQ



    Earshot



    The Race



Newsletter



THR Social: 















Marvel's Little Big Man
THR joins a conversation between Paul Rudd, the studio's pint-sized superhero Ant-Man, and Marvel chief Kevin Feige about the 10-year fight to make the film
Subscribe Now


Never Miss A Story.
Sign up for our Newsletters.


Daily PDF
Login to download
















Break Media, New Regency Partner for Short Film Competition


































by Aaron Couch
6/20/2013 3:27pm PDT

Eight filmmakers will receive $20,000 each, with one winning a development deal. 

Break Media and New Regency Productions are giving aspiring filmmakers the chance to take their work to the next level. In a new program called Prototype, eight filmmakers will be given $20,000 each to bring their own action, sci-fi or effects-driven shorts to life, the companies announced Thursday.
The eight filmmakers chosen will make five to 10-minute short films under the guidance of Break Media and New Regency executives, with the films being distributed on Break Media’s web, mobile, YouTube and OTT platforms.
One of the filmmakers will then be chosen to receive a development deal with New Regency, which could lead to him or her to turning their short into a feature film produced by the studio.
PHOTOS: 26 of Summer's Most Anticipated Movies: 'Man of Steel,' 'Wolverine,' 'The Lone Ranger'
“Prototype is a way to discover and cultivate talent by providing them with the financing, distribution, and access to the entertainment industry that they wouldn’t otherwise have,” said Greg Siegel, SVP Entertainment Development, Break Media.
The eight finalists will be revealed in the Fall, and the winner will be announced in early 2014.
“Digital platforms have proven to be a hub for exciting new intellectual property and talent,” said David Manpearl, SVP of Production, New Regency. “We’re excited to partner with Break Media, one of the leaders in digital entertainment content, to uncover and cultivate the future of our industry online.”
Filmmakers can submit their short film scripts or their treatments for a full-length feature project and directing samples here.







@AaronCouch
THRnews@thr.com





























		Never miss a story. Stay up-to-date with THR’s Daily Headlines.
	












Recommended Stories





				Indian Director Anurag Kashyap Co-Produces Short Film Project on YouTube (Video)
  				







				Cannes: Weinstein Company to Debut New Short Film Series
  				







Must Reads



          Paul Rudd and Marvel's Kevin Feige Reveal 'Ant-Man's' Saga, from Director Shuffle to Screenplay Surgery to Studio's "Phase Three" Plans
          




          Murdoch Sons' First Challenges: Fix Fox and Win Over Wall Street
          




          Robert Downey Jr. and Secret Screen-Tests: How the New 'Spider-Man' Team Was Chosen
          




          HBO's Real-Life Game of Thrones: The Fight to Stay Rich, on Top and Score Bill Simmons
          




          Taraji P. Henson, Viola Davis and Drama Actress A-List Tackle Race, Sexism, Aging in Hollywood
          




          Lena Dunham, Amy Schumer and Comedy Actress A-List in Raunchy, R-Rated Roundtable
          




          Bob Odenkirk, David Oyelowo and Drama Actor A-List on Oscar Snubs, Bad Scripts and Getting Ignored by Robert Redford
          


























Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by 














The Hollywood Reporter


                ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter.All rights reserved.
            

Terms of Use   |
                  Privacy Policy





About Us


Login


Daily PDF


Subscribe


Subscriber Services


Back Issues


FAQs


Advertising


Contact Us


Entertainment News RSS






                    Follow Us On
                    Twitter


                    Find Us On
                    Facebook


                    Watch Us On
                    Youtube





Our affiliate publications


Billboard


Ad Week


Backstage Casting





























