



Julian Barbour—Papers




Home
Ideas
Books
Papers
Research
Contact



Research Papers

Virtually all my research, which is still continuing actively, has been based 
on the conviction that time, motion and size are all relative. I call this 
the relational approach. My main collaborators for the earlier work were 
Bruno Bertotti, Niall Ó Murchadha, Edward Anderson, Brendan Foster, and Bryan 
Kelleher. I am currently working closely with Henrique Gomes, Sean Gryb, Tim 
Koslowski and Flavio Mercati. I list below the more significant papers that 
have resulted from this research, including papers that consider the 
implications of the relativity of time and motion for the quantum theory of 
the universe. It is worth emphasizing that Einstein set out to create a 
theory in which time and motion are relative in a brilliant but indirect way 
and that this has led to considerable confusion. In contrast, the approach of 
the papers below is direct. I believe their main value to be, first, the 
demonstration that the direct route to relativity of time and motion leads to 
the same theory as Einstein’s indirect route, second, that the inclusion of 
relativity of size leads to Shape Dynamics (Ideas), 
and third that this work 
identifies the dynamical features of gravity likely to be important in the 
creation of quantum gravity. For this, the last four papers (before the two 
on maximal variety) are the most relevant and relate to Shape Dynamics.


Finally, there are two papers on , Leibniz’s idea that
the universe in which we live is more varied than any other possible
universe. This speculative idea was developed by Lee Smolin and myself.
It requires much development, but is a good illustration of key
features of Leibniz’s thinking that could be relevant to quantum
gravity.


Papers on the Relativity of Time and Motion
Relative-distance Machian theories.  249, 328 (1974). (PDF)
Gravity and inertia in a Machian framework. (With Bruno Bertotti.)  38B, 1 (1977).

The basic idea behind these two papers is that only relative
separations occur in the action principle of the universe. It later
transpired that the same idea had been developed by several authors,
most notably by Schrödinger in 1925. The main value of such
theories is that they show how Mach’s Principle can be implemented, but
they lead to anisotropic inertial masses, which are ruled out
experimentally. For a discussion of work along these lines, which was
initiated by Mach himself, see the conference proceedings  (books).

Relational concepts of space and time.  33, 251 (1982). (Journal)

Explains precisely what one should expect of a Machian dynamics. It
develops an idea due to Poincaré.


Mach’s principle and the structure of dynamical theories. (With Bruno
Bertotti.)  382, 295 (1982). (PDF)
In this paper, Bertotti and I succeeded in finding a way to
implement
Mach’s Principle that does not lead to anisotropic masses. I now call
this method . It
is universal, closely related to the
gauge principle of modern high-energy physics, and leads to a direct
dynamical and relational derivation of general relativity. All the
subsequent papers on the relativity of time and motion listed below are
based on this principle.

Leibnizian time, Machian dynamics, and quantum gravity. In: ,
eds. R. Penrose and C. J. Isham, Oxford University Press, Oxford (1986). (PDF)

Explores the implications for quantum gravity of the Machian structure
of general relativity found in the previous paper. I argue that the
quantum mechanics of the universe will be very different from the
existing form of quantum mechanics, which is valid in the framework
provided by the universe.

The part played by Mach’s Principle in the genesis of relativistic
cosmology. In: , eds. B Bertotti et al, Cambridge University Press,
Cambridge (1990). (PDF)
The development of Machian themes in the twentieth century. In: , ed. J
Butterfield, Oxford University Press, Oxford (1999).

The two above papers give an account of Einstein’s attempts to
implement Mach’s idea about the origin of inertia. My main conclusion
is that Einstein created much confusion by never clearly identifying
precisely how he should implement Mach’s proposal but that despite this
succeeded to a large degree. The Machian motivation behind the creation
of general relativity was very great.

Time and complex numbers in canonical quantum gravity.  47,
12 (1993). Journal (PDF, 7.5MB)

Complex numbers play a very significant role in quantum mechanics because the fundamental time-dependent Schrödinger equation is complex. However the putative equation of quantum gravity is real, and it is not clear how complex numbers should enter the theory. The above paper focuses on this issue, which has still not attracted the attention that it warrants. I gave a seminar on this at the Perimeter Institute.

 id="fqxi_essay"

The emergence of time and its arrow from timelessness. In: ,
eds. J. Halliwell et al, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge (1994). (PDF)
The timelessness of quantum gravity I, II.  11,
2853, 2875 (1994). (Journal,  Journal)

These papers show that the notion of an independently existing time is
redundant if one is considering the dynamics of the universe. Change
does not occur in time. Rather dynamics relates all changes in the
universe to each other. I believe that the implications of this fact
for the quantum theory of the universe (quantum gravity) are profound.
The quantum universe is likely to be static. Ironically, I believe that
in this timeless scenario it will be easier to explain the arrow of
time, which I trace to the marked asymmetry of the configuration space
of the universe. I conjecture that this concentrates the wave function
of the universe on configurations that contain what we interpret as
mutually consistent records of a past. My  (books) gives
a popular account of these ideas.

Dynamics of pure shape, relativity and the problem of time. In: (Proceedings of the Conference DICE, Piombino 2002, 
ed. H.-T Elze), Springer Lecture Notes in Physics 2003. (arXiv:gr-qc/0309089)

 In 
1999 I began a very fruitful collaboration with Niall O'Murchadha that 
greatly extended my earlier work with Bruno Bertotti on time and Mach's 
principle. This paper gives a useful introductory overview of the 
results that we obtained in collaboration with Brendan Foster, Edward 
Anderson, and Bryan Kelleher. Details can be found in the five following 
papers.

Relativity without relativity. (With Brendan Z Foster and
Niall Ó Murchadha.)  19, 3217 (2002). (arXiv:gr-qc/0012089)

I think this may prove to be my most important research paper; it 
greatly extends my work with Bertotti and demonstrates the power of the 
notion of best matching. The key insight is due to Niall O'Murchadha, 
who realized that it is very difficult to create a  
theory that meets the relational requirements; consistency becomes a 
powerful tool for the finding of theories. The paper considers the 
construction of a relational theory that describes the dynamical 
evolution of three-dimensional Riemannian geometry and shows that the 
simplest nontrivial consistent theory of this kind is general 
relativity. If in addition one attempts to allow other fields to 
interact with the dynamical Riemannian geometry, then the simplest 
realization of such interaction enforces the emergence of a universal 
light cone, gauge theory, and the equivalence principle. This result 
needs to be put into its historical perspective. Newton introduced 
absolute space and time in order to formulate dynamics, but Leibniz and 
Mach argued that position and time are relative, so that dynamics must 
be relational. This paper completely vindicates the relational 
standpoint and shows that its simplest implementation leads directly and 
inexorably to all the fundamental principles of modern physics except 
for quantum theory.


Interacting vector fields in relativity without relativity. (With
Edward Anderson.)  19 3249 (2002). (arXiv:gr-qc/0201092)

This paper, largely the work of Edward Anderson, gives the details of
the emergence of gauge theory in the framework of the previous paper
“Relativity without relativity”.


Scale-invariant gravity: particle dynamics.  20
1543 (2003). (arXiv:gr-qc/0211021)

In a fully relational theory, not only time and position should be
relative but also size – if all distances in the universe were suddenly
doubled, nothing observable would change. This paper extends the
principle of relational best matching to the relativity of size for the
case of particle dynamics. It presents a dynamics of  and
demonstrates that one can exactly recover Newtonian inertia, gravity,
and electrostatics for subsystems of the universe together with one
additional force that acts significantly only over scales of the order
of the complete universe and is closely analogous to Einstein’s
cosmological constant. This paper, together with the two following
papers, highlights a most strange feature of general relativity and the
Big Bang cosmology: in these theories, overall size is absolute, in
contrast to everything else. This is the feature of general relativity
that allows the ‘expansion of the universe’.  In the standard
model, the universe is doing two things simultaneously: it is expanding
and changing its shape (it is becoming more inhomogeneous). If the
universe were perfectly relational, it could only change its shape.
Attractive as this idea is, it appears to be in strong conflict with
the evidence from cosmology. For me, this is a great mystery and a
stimulus to further research.

Scale-invariant gravity: geometrodynamics. (With Edward Anderson,
Brendan Z Foster, and Niall Ó Murchadha.)  20
1571 (2003). (arXiv:gr-qc/0211022)

In this paper the principle of best matching is extended to create a
theory of relational dynamical Riemannian three-geometry in which
position, time, and size are completely relative. The resulting theory
has many attractive features and is essentially identical to general
relativity as regards processes that take place below intergalactic
scales. It therefore passes all the same stringent observational tests
as general relativity except those on cosmological scales, for which it
fails badly. It cannot be a realistic theory of the universe. For me
this is the mystery noted in the discussion of the previous paper: why
does the universe fail to be perfectly relational? The significance of
this question is emphasized by the following paper.


The physical gravitational degrees of freedom. (With Edward
Anderson, Brendan Z Foster, Bryan Kelleher, and Niall Ó
Murchadha.)  22
1795 (2005). (arXiv:gr-qc/0407104)

This paper shows the precise sense in which general relativity, treated
as a dynamical theory, just fails to be fully scale invariant. A
Riemmanian three-geometry is characterized by three degrees of freedom
at each space point . Two of
them determine angles at 
(the conformal
part of the geometry) while the third determines the scale at . This
is analogous to the way in which two angles determine the shape of a
triangle, while scale determines its size. It is intuitively clear that
shape is more fundamental than size. The above paper shows that general
relativity can be represented as a theory in which the two local
degrees of freedom at each space point interact with each other and
with one single extra global degree of freedom, essentially the rate of
change of the volume of the universe. It is very odd that the local
scales play no role but the rate of change of the global scale (the
volume of the universe) does. This is what allows the universe to
expand.

Constraints and gauge transformations: Dirac's theorem is not always 
valid (with Brendan Foster) (arXiv:0808.1223)

This paper is related to a 
widely held belief that there is no genuine dynamical evolution in classical 
general relativity. The belief relies on a famous theorem proved by Dirac in 
his Lectures on Quantum Mechanics (1964), which is used to interpret the 
so-called Hamiltonian constraint in canonical quantum gravity. Our paper 
shows that in fact Dirac's theorem is not universally valid and thus calls 
into question the orthodox belief.


The definition of Mach's Principle  40 1263-1284 (2010)  (arXiv:1007.3368)

There is much confusion surrounding the definition of 
Mach's principle. In this paper, which includes historical and conceptual 
material, I provide what I believe is the only sensible definition.


Conformal superspace: the configuration space of general relativity (with Niall O'Murchadha)  (arXiv:1009.3559)

I regard this as one of my most important papers. It 
shows that general relativity can be characterized as a theory of the 
dynamics of local shapes of space. This perfectly matches the definition of 
Mach's principle as given in the above paper.


 Einstein gravity as a 3D conformally invariant theory (by Henrique Gomes, Sean Gryb, and Tim Koslowski) (arXiv:1010.2481)

This paper and the following, both by my collaborators, complement the one above very 
usefully, making effective use of Dirac's theory of constrained dynamical 
systems.


 The link between general relativity and 
shape dynamics (by Henrique Gomes and Tim Koslowski) (arXiv:1101.5974)

Papers on Maximal Variety
Extremal variety as the foundation of a cosmological quantum
theory. (With Lee Smolin.) Unpublished. (arXiv: hep-th/9203041; no figures!)
The deep and suggestive principles of Leibnizian philosophy. 
11, Spring (2003). (PDF)

Leibniz was mocked for claiming that we live in the best of all
possible worlds. (Voltaire’s Candide asks: “If this is the best, what
are the others like?”) In fact, Leibnizian philosophy is really
concerned with variety, and in his 
Leibniz postulated that
the universe is created “with as much variety as possible, but with the
greatest order possible”. Strangely, no one seems to have attempted to
express this idea in concrete mathematical form before Smolin and I
found a realization in the form of various models for which an intrinsic 
 can be defined and maximized. 
Unlike Shannon information, the information content of such models is intrinsic and
can be 'read off' directly from them.
We initially hoped these models would cast light on the mysteries of
quantum mechanics, but, despite several intriguing properties of these models, any direct link to
quantum mechanics is clearly still a long way off.









