 



Campaign Monitor Reviews: Overview, Pricing and Features







































X
FinancesOnline
Software Reviews
Software Alternatives
Software Comparisons
Business Applications
B2B News
Accounting & Finance

Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Billing and Invoicing Software
Budgeting Software
Expenses Management Software
Financial Reporting Software


Collaboration Software

Collaboration Tools Software
Document Management Software
Enterprise Social Networking Software
Idea Management Software
Online Community Software
Productivity Suite
Project Collaboration Software
Web Collaboration Software


CRM Software

Customer Service Software
Customer Support Software
Feedback & Reviews Management
Online CRM Software
Social CRM Software


Help Desk Software

Industry-specific Help Desk Software
Service Desk Software


Learning Management System

Talent Management Software
Corporate LMS Software


Project Management Software

Agile Project Management Software
Professional Services Automation (PSA) Software
Project Portfolio Management Software
Task Management Software
Time Tracking Software
Visual Project Management Software


Sales Software

Contact Management Software
Lead Management Software
Sales Automation Software
Sales Management Software


























                            ADD YOUR PRODUCT
                        
















Price


 




 

FIND THE BEST OFFER



Campaign Monitor REVIEW
Communications Software



Social Popularity Points







                                                    180 SHARES
                                                





27462                                                    FOLLOWERS
                                                






                                                    8939 LIKES
                                                












                                                USER SATISFACTION
                                            

                                                92%
                                                






                                                OUR SCORE
                                            

                                                8.3                                                














Review
User Reviews
Pricing Details

Campaign Monitor Alternatives

Integrations






What is Campaign Monitor?
Campaign Monitor Benefits
Overview of Campaign Monitor Features
Campaign Monitor Price
User satisfaction
Technical details
Support details



                                        campaignmonitor.com                                    

 







What is Campaign Monitor?


Used by more than 2 million people, Campaign Monitor provides clients with a powerful yet affordable email marketing solution that helps them perform email marketing functions, achieve business goals, and be on top of their game without going beyond their budget. Create beautiful email templates, deliver dynamic content, and enjoy expanded reach to mobile email clients. These are just some of the things Campaign Monitor helps businesses achieve with its popular email marketing platform.






Benefits of Campaign Monitor?


Campaign Monitor provides users with a features and functionalities that make email marketing a simple and continuous process. With Campaign Monitor, users can:

Design beautiful and professional-looking email templates in a matter of minutes with the built-in email builder. Pick from a vast selection of customizable layouts and create emails that will work everywhere.
Deliver dynamic content by adding and customizing text, links, and images. Also share personalized content via social channels.
Easy template language enables users with HTML experience to come out with their own email templates.
Templates are mobile-ready, giving users wider reach in marketing to clients who are more attached to their mobile devices.







Overview of Campaign Monitor Features




Template Designer
Content Customization
Dynamic Content
Roll Your Own Designs
Easy Template Language
Mobile-Ready Templates
Update in Browser
A/B Testing
Social Sharing
Segmentation and personalization tools








How Much Does Campaign Monitor Cost?


Campaign Monitor delivers an elegant and powerful email marketing platform without breaking the bank. A product plan is available for small businesses and companies that require a more extensive email marketing solution. You can also check out Campaign Monitor’s free trial to take the system for a test drive.
Basic – $9/month

Send up to 2500 emails per month
Basic email support
Pixel-perfect email design tools
A/B testing across subject lines and content
List and subscriber management
Powerful campaign reporting
Robust email automation

Unlimited – $29/month

Send unlimited emails every month
Includes all Basic features plus:
Priority 24/7 email support
Access to deliverability experts
Unlimited inbox previews
Unlimited spam testing







User Satisfaction




                                                                                                    We realize that when you make a decision to buy Communications Software it’s important not only to see how experts evaluate it in their reviews, but also to find out if the real people and companies that buy it are actually satisfied with the product. That’s why we’ve created our behavior-based Customer Satisfaction Algorithm™ that gathers customer reviews, comments and opinions about Campaign Monitor across a wide range of social media sites. The data is then presented in an easy to digest form showing how many people had positive and negative experience with Campaign Monitor. With that information at hand you should be equipped to make an informed buying decision that you won’t regret.                                                
                                            





POSITIVE SOCIAL MENTIONS

202





NEGATIVE SOCIAL MENTIONS

16











Technical details




Devices Supported

Windows
Linux
Android
iPhone/iPad
Mac
Web-based
Windows Mobile

Geographies Served

USA
UK
Canada
South Africa
Europe
Asia
Australia
China
Germany
India
Japan
Latin America
Middle-East



Pricing Model

Monthly payment

Customer Types

Small Business
Large Enterprises
Medium Business
Freelancers

Deployment

SaaS








What Support Does This Vendor Offer?




EMAIL
TICKETS
                                                        







Trending Reviews






Product name








Team On The Run Review













Campaign Monitor Review













RingCentral Review













inContact Review













Zoho Mail Review















Campaign Monitor Comparisons







 



Compare with iPresent




 



Compare with Uno.im Cloud Phone






 



Compare with Xink




 



Compare with Bushel






 



Compare with ClickDesk




 



Compare with CDMessenger






 



Compare with Zoho Meeting




 



Compare with LiveChat






 



Compare with Phonedeck




 



Compare with Talkdesk
















What are Campaign Monitor pricing details?


Campaign Monitor delivers an elegant and powerful email marketing platform without breaking the bank. A product plan is available for small businesses and companies that require a more extensive email marketing solution. You can also check out Campaign Monitor’s free trial to take the system for a test drive.
Basic – $9/month

Send up to 2500 emails per month
Basic email support
Pixel-perfect email design tools
A/B testing across subject lines and content
List and subscriber management
Powerful campaign reporting
Robust email automation

Unlimited – $29/month

Send unlimited emails every month
Includes all Basic features plus:
Priority 24/7 email support
Access to deliverability experts
Unlimited inbox previews
Unlimited spam testing













What integrations are available for Campaign Monitor?


Campaign Monitor supports integrations with the following business systems and applications:

GetFeedBack
Salesforce
Facebook Subscribe Form
API Changelog
Lytics
MailSync
Campaignified for Shopify
Zapier










User reviews






No review


























































































Average Rating




Write your own review of this product
 Add a review










Filter reviews:

Latest
Most Useful
Most Positive
Most Negative








 


Rate this Software







click on star to change rating


 Cancel reply



Write a Review

A good review is:
Both detailed and specific
Consider writing about:

Pros & Cons
Share your experience with the product and vendor






SUBMIT REVIEW


 

 
Current ye@r 




Leave this field empty




 



Thank you for submitting your review!
In order to ensure high-quality of our reviews we'll have to verify your email address. Please insert your email address below.
 







Thank you!
A verification email has been sent to the address you provided. Please click on the link in that email to finalize your review submission.











Page last modified 5 days ago



DOES YOUR COMPANY SELL THIS PRODUCT?

Get Premium Listing For It!
 













Filter Your Search



Devices Supported

All
Windows
Linux
Blackberry
Android
iPhone/iPad
Mac
Web-based
Windows Mobile



Geographies Served

All
USA
UK
Ireland
Canada
South Africa
Europe
International
Asia
Australia
China
Germany
India
Japan
Latin America
Middle-East



Pricing Model

All
Free
Freemium
Monthly payment
One-time payment
Annual Subscription
Quote-based



Customer Types

All
Small Business
Large Enterprises
Medium Business
Freelancers
Accountants & Bookkeepers



Deployment

All
SaaS
On Premise
Cloud Hosted
Open API


Find products 



 Useful Resources


What Is The Best Collaboration Software?
Best Practices in Collaboration Software
What You Should Know about Collaboration Software: Features, Functions & Types
Classification of Collaboration Technology: Introduction for Beginners
History of Collaboration Software: The Evolution & Journey Towards Web 2.0
The Future of Collaboration Software: Mobility, Social Networking & User Experience
Types of Collaboration Software: 5 Groups You Should Know About
What Is Collaboration Software: Tools Breakdown & Buying Guide
What Does Collaboration Software Stand For?
How To Choose The Best Collaboration Software: A Beginner's Guide



 Top Products





Phone.com







RingCentral







Phonedeck







SendinBlue Email







Onstream Meetings







Talkdesk







Zoho Mail







Xink







Campaign Monitor







SendGrid









Team Collaboration Software: Best B2B Tips On How To Choose Popular & Professional Tools
Collaboration Project Management Software Tips On How To Start Implementing It
Top 10 Collaboration Software: Best Choices Of The Experts
What Is Collaboration Software: Tools Breakdown & Buying Guide
Enterprise Collaboration Software
History of Collaboration Software: The Evolution & Journey Towards Web 2.0
Collaboration Software For Small Business: 3 Brands That Pros Highly Recommend
Web Collaboration Software: Professional Tips On Choosing Cheap Vendors And B2C Solutions
Project Management Collaboration Software: Simple Tips To Choose A Good B2B Or B2C Vendor
Collaboration Software Reviews: 5 Key Factors To Keep In Mind When You Read Them



 Add Your Question

















 Support Expert

 



Close
Ask question






Thank you for your question!
Our expert will look into it as soon as possible and we will try to publish an answer on our site.
Close





 
Did you find this review useful?

 YES


 NO



Thank you!for your feedback 

How can we make this page better?





Share your comments





 Popular Comparisons


Xink Email Signature Management vs. SendinBlue Email
Zoho Mail vs. Xink Email Signature Management
Campaign Monitor vs. Talkdesk
SendinBlue Email vs. CDMessenger
Bushel vs. Yesware
SendHub vs. SendinBlue Email
8x8 Call Center vs. Onstream Meetings
Secure Suite by The Email Laundry vs. iPresent
Onstream Meetings vs. Team On The Run
Yesware vs. SendinBlue Email










CompanyAbout Us
Contact Us
Write For Us
 2225 East Bayshore Road
Suite 200
Palo Alto, CA
94303
 

 



Follow UsFacebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Vimeo
Youtube

















We use our unique SmartScore™ system to evaluate all the products listed to help you get the best possible application. It includes the following elements:





<
>





20%
Main Functionality




20%
Collaboration Features




15%
Customization




12%
Integration




10%
Ease of use




8%
Help & Support




5%
Security




5%
Mobility




5%
Media Rating








Hover over the element to learn more about our ratings.


Main Functionality – rates the software’s ability to meet its main promise or USP.


Customization - Rates the software’s customization tools that allow the business to match the software’s functions to the business’ specific processes and current needs. Tools to watch include: custom reports; custom fields; custom business processes; logo insertions; and color palette choice.


Collaboration Features – rates the software’s functionalities that allow team members to work together, share documents, ideas and best practices. Includes tools such as: communication platforms (IM chat, VoIP, email, social media, phone); real-time features; attachment and association capabilities; and automatic task and contact associations. 


Integration – rates the ability of the software to assimilate third-party applications and formats, especially popular productivity tools like Google Apps, Microsoft Office and Outlook and proprietary email apps. Also include connector apps that integrate the software to even more apps and APIs that allow developers to integrate their own apps to the software. May also include integration to older versions of the software.


Mobility – rates if the software has a mobile platform and which mobile OS it supports. Attributes to watch include: apps for iOS, Android, Windows Mobile, BlackBerry; mobile browser version; and specific mobile modules. 


Ease-of-use – rates the level of difficulty in learning and using the software. Features to watch include: self-help tutorials; quick lookups; dashboard; drag-and-drop tools; intuitive behavior; search and data retrieval; formats and templates; and steps to perform a task.


Help & Support – rates the level of technical and customer support by vendor. Attributes to measure include: live support (chat); tickets; free and freemium support services; knowledge base support (PDF, recorded webinars, forum); and paid support plans. 


Security – rates the software’s security infrastructure including the following features: enable/disable data access; password encryption; data backup; and official seals from reputable organizations that vouch for the software’s security.


Media Rating - averages the ratings by major review sites, such as: CNET, Gartner Vendor, MacWorld and PCMag.


































We use our behavior-based Customer Satisfaction Algorithm™ to gather customer reviews, comments and opinions across a wide range of social media sites to help you make an informed buying decision.


















Hover over the shapes to learn more


Our algorithm performs a wide-spectrum scan through all the most popular social media as well as blogs and websites to find customer reviews relevant to a specific product.


The behavior-based system collects all reviews that discuss a selected product filtering out comments and posts that do not feature a customer’s opinion about the product.


All gathered customer reviews are processed with a set of filters to extract key data from each review relevant to customer’s satisfaction including: detailed keywords analysis, social response signals and various meta data.


Collected data about users’ experience with the product are thoroughly analyzed using an algorithm that evaluates each processed factor as either positive or negative response from the customer.


After all partial data are analyzed and evaluated the system assigns a single customer satisfaction score to a product. It allows our users an easy and quick access to information on how many clients are satisfied with a product at the moment.








































