                          60 Minutes - Sports - CBS News  













60 Minutes





CBS News
CBS Evening News
CBS This Morning
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Sunday Morning
Face The Nation
CBSN





GO







Log In
Join CBSNews.com


















Connect with 60 Minutes:
facebook
twitter
email



















Sports














Misty Copeland


                            
    Ballet has lifted Misty Copeland from poverty, over assumptions about race and through injury. But she wants it to take her higher. Bill Whitaker reports.
            




King of CrossFit


                            
    Sharyn Alfonsi profiles Greg Glassman, a brash, former gymnast who created the CrossFit workout, now the basis for a chain of gyms that has become the largest in history.
            




60 Minutes Presents: Going to Extremes


                            
    Extreme sports: &quot;Birdmen&quot; who soar off cliffs in wingsuits; a climber who scales sheer mountain faces without climbing ropes; and divers who swim with Great White sharks. They&#039;r...
            




Rush to Judgment


                            
    Former Duke lacrosse coach discusses his forced resignation during the 2006 Duke rape scandal and his hard road back to coaching. Armen Keteyian reports.
            




Li Na's victory


                            
    Lesley Stahl profiles the great Chinese tennis champion who stood up to her country's stringent sports system
            




Alabama coach Nick Saban's quest for perfection


                            
    Armen Keteyian discovers how Nick Saban managed to win three out of the last five national championships for the University of Alabama as he profiles the famous Crimson Tide coach
            




Quarterback Guru: Steve Clarkson


                            
    Morley Safer interviews the "QB Guru" who says the new norm to get to the NFL as a quarterback starts with a tutor like him training kids as young as 8
            




January Preview – 60 Minutes Sports


                            
    Topics include: ski racer Mikaela Shiffrin, former NFL players Vincent Wilfork and Brent Jones, and the GoPro camera.
            




Quarterback Guru: Steve Clarkson


                            
    Morley Safer interviews the "QB Guru" who says the new norm to get to the NFL as a quarterback starts with a tutor like him training kids as young as 8
            




Death-defying free dives push boundaries


                            
    In an extreme sport in which divers reach great depths on one breath, records are being broken and doctors are surprised by feats never thought possible
            




Alabama coach Nick Saban's quest for perfection


                            
    Nick Saban's Alabama Crimson Tide is once again ranked No. 1 and undefeated. How does he do it?
            




Michael Jackson's marketing genius


                            
    Pop icon Michael Jackson fired his entire team during the making of the album "Thriller," says John Branca. Why'd he do it?
            




Death-defying free dives push boundaries


                            
    In an extreme sport in which divers reach great depths on one breath, records are being broken and doctors are surprised by feats never thought possible
            




Lionel Messi and the ascent of Barca soccer


                            
    With stars like Lionel Messi and a youth academy bringing up the next generation     of athletes, is Barcelona becoming the world's best soccer team?
            




'Bend It' Like Beckham


                            
    Soccer superstar David Beckham talks to CNN's Anderson Cooper about his triumphs and the challenges that lay ahead of him. (This segment first aired March 23, 2008.)
            




Rosie's Run for the Roses


                            
    As she prepares to ride in the Kentucky Derby, Rosie Napravnik talks about being one of America's most successful jockeys -- and one of the only women in the sport
            
 



















CBSNews.com
Site Map
Help
Contact Us
CBS Bios
Careers
Internships
Development Programs


CBS Interactive
Privacy Policy
Ad Choice
Terms of Use
Mobile User Agreement
About CBS
Advertise
Closed Captioning


Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Email Newsletters
YouTube
CBS Radio News
CBS Local



CBS News
Copyright © 2015 CBS Interactive Inc.All rights reserved.


Search












╳


