



Center for Disease Control and Prevention



CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION
TITLE: 122 Cities Mortality Reporting System 
ACRONYM: 122 MRS 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: Epidemiology Program Office, Centers for Disease Control 
  and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: This system compiles summary mortality data by age group 
  for all-causes and pneumonia and influenza as reported by Vital Statistic Registrars 
  and Reporters within 122 U.S. cities. This reporting process occurs on a weekly 
  basis through either fax or voice mail. These provisional data are disseminated 
  weekly in Table III of CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. Public health 
  professionals use these data to evaluate mortality patterns to determine if 
  any unusual trends are occurring. Researchers have also used these data to forecast 
  or to predict the number of deaths in defined regional areas. The Influenza 
  Branch of the Division of Viral and Rickettsial Diseases, National Center for 
  Infectious Diseases, CDC, uses these data as part of its influenza surveillance 
  efforts. Additional information and access to a query system linked to 122 Cities 
  Mortality data is available at URL: http://www.cdc.gov/epo/dphsi/phs.htm.
Methods of data collection 
  for this system include: 

 notification of case(s)/events 

Data are originally collected by: 

 private/doctors or nurses 
 hospitals 
 managed care organizations 
 Death certificates 

RACE/ETHNICITY: Race and/or Ethnicity data are not collected. 
STATUS: This system collects data actively and passively. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Public use data files are available upon request 
  or through the URL listed above. Interpreted results can be accessed through: 


 internal reports 
 external reports 
 MMWR Weekly Reports 
 MMWR Surveillance Summaries 
 peer reviewed journals 

CONTACT PERSON: Samuel L. Groseclose, D.V.M., M.P.H.
  Epidemiology Program Office
  Division of Public Health Surveillance and Informatics
  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-74, 4770 Buford Highway, Koger Center
  Atlanta, GA 30341
  Phone (770) 488-8359 / Fax (770) 488-8447
slg0@cdc.gov 


TITLE: Haemophilus Influenzae Surveillance System 
ACRONYM: HI 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: Epidemiology Program Office, National Immunization Program, 
  and National Center for Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control and 
  Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Haemophilus Influenzae System at NIP compiles information 
  on all U.S. Haemophilus influenzae invasive disease cases reported to CDC via 
  NETSS since 1991 (managed by EPO and NIP), or via active surveillance in several 
  locales since 1989 (managed by NCIP). Information collected includes demographic 
  data, disease symptoms, isolate serotype, and vaccination history. 
Methods of data collection for this system include: 

 via the National Electronic Telecommunications System for Surveillance 
  
 medical record abstraction (by state/local health departments and by active 
    surveillance personnel) 

Data are originally collected by: 

 state/local health departments 
 hospitals (active surveillance) 

Data are collected weekly. 
RACE/ETHNICITY: Race and/or Ethnicity data available. The OMB Statistical 
  Directive 15 two variable standard for reporting is used. 
Race categories are: White; Black; Asian/Pacific Islander; American Indian/Alaskan 
  Native; and Other. 
Ethnicity categories are: Hispanic/Latino origin; not of Hispanic/Latino origin. 

STATUS: This system collects data passively and actively. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: CDC internal use files only. Interpreted results 
  can be accessed through: 

 internal reports 
 external reports 
 MMWR Weekly Reports 
 MMWR Reports and Recommendations 

CONTACT PERSON: Kris Bisgard, DVM, MPH (NIP)
kmb6@cdc.gov
  (404)639-8773
Nancy Rosenstein, MD (NCID)
nar5@cdc.gov
  (404)639-4734 



TITLE: Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report of Provisional 
Nationally Notifiable Infectious Disease Data
ACRONYM: MMWR Provisional Data
AGENCY/PROGRAM: Epidemiology Program Office (EPO), Centers for Disease 
  Control and Prevention (CDC) 
DESCRIPTION: The Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR) is used 
  to disseminate weekly provisional data on nationally notifiable infectious diseases. 
  These provisional data are used for program planning and evaluation, monitoring 
  trends in incidence, and detecting disease outbreaks. Data are reported weekly 
  to CDC/EPO from 50 U.S. state health departments and health departments in two 
  autonomous reporting sites (New York City and Washington, D.C.) and five U.S. 
  Territories (Guam, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the 
  Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands). Case ascertainment sources include 
  hospitals, laboratories, and physicians, which provide case reports to local, 
  county, or state health departments. Case-specific (person-level) data and aggregate 
  summary data (information about a group of cases) are transmitted to CDC/EPO 
  via the National Electronic Telecommunications System for Surveillance (NETSS) 
  to the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS). Weekly NNDSS 
  provisional data are summarized for the United States and each State, Census 
  Region, and territory. These provisional NNDSS data are published in Figure 
  1 and Tables 1, 2, and 3 of the MMWR. Final NNDSS data for 1951-2001 are available 
  in publications found in most medical or public health school libraries. 
NNDSS data files contain data on: Age/Gender, Disease, and Geographic Location. 

RACE/ETHNICITY: Race categories are: American Indian/Alaskan Native, 
  Asian or Pacific Islander, Black, White, and Other. 
Ethnicity categories are: Hispanic; and Not of Hispanic Origin. 
STATUS: Starting approximately in 1950, this periodic (weekly) data 
  collection is active. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Provisional data are made available as tabular data 
  in the MMWR and as tabular and microdata (person-level data files) to CDC Programs 
  with responsibility for prevention and control of the specified disease or condition. 
  Provisional tabular data by disease, reporting area, and week of report are 
  available at URL: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr//weekcvol.html. 
  Finalized case-specific (person-level) data (1990-2000) and aggregate summary 
  data (1951-2000) data are available upon request in accordance with the Council 
  of State and Territorial Epidemiologists (CSTE) data release policy and with 
  special agreement with the user. 
Data cell sizes that are small enough to identify particular individuals will 
  be excluded from the data request. In addition, any case identification information 
  will be omitted from the request. These provisional data are collected and released 
  by direction of the CSTE, and thus all rights of privacy and confidentiality 
  will be observed. 
WEB SITE: Provisional data by disease, reporting area, and week or report 
  are available at http://www.cdc.gov/epo/dphsi/phs.htm

CONTACT PERSON: Samuel L. Groseclose, D.V.M., M.P.H.
  Epidemiology Program Office
  Division of Public Health Surveillance and Informatics
  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-74, 4770 Buford Highway, Koger Center
  Atlanta, GA 30341
  Phone (770) 488-8359 / Fax (770) 488-8447
slg0@cdc.gov 

TITLE: Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, Summary 
  of Notifiable Diseases, United States
ACRONYM: MMWR Annual Summary
AGENCY/PROGRAM: Epidemiology Program Office (EPO), Centers for Disease 
  Control and Prevention (CDC) 
DESCRIPTION: The purpose of the MMWR Annual Summary is to disseminate 
  finalized data on nationally notifiable infectious diseases. These data are 
  reported to CDC/EPO from 50 U.S. state health departments and health departments 
  in two autonomous reporting sites (New York City and Washington DC) and five 
  U.S. Territories (Guam, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and 
  the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands). Case-specific (person-level) 
  data and aggregate summary data (information about a group of cases) are transmitted 
  via the National Electronic Telecommunications System for Surveillance (NETSS) 
  to CDC's National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) on a weekly 
  basis. Each year, the MMWR Annual Summary presents the most current finalized 
  NNDSS data on nationally notifiable infectious disease incidence. In this report, 
  incidence counts are presented for the U.S. overall by month of report, geographic 
  location (State and Census Region), and by the patient's age, race, sex, and 
  hispanic ethnicity. Graphs and maps of disease occurrence are presented for 
  selected diseases. In addition, historical total counts of NNDSS incidence data 
  for the U.S. are presented for the last 30 years. Data for 1920 through 2000 
  are available in publications found in most medical or public health school 
  libraries.
The case-specific data files contain data on: age group, gender, race, disease/condition, 
  state, and hispanic ethnicity. Summary data files include incidence counts by 
  either county or month of report to CDC, but do not include demographic data.
RACE/ETHNICITY: Race categories are: American Indian/Alaskan Native, 
  Asian or Pacific Islander, Black, White, and Other. 
Ethnicity categories are: Hispanic; and Not of Hispanic Origin. 
STATUS: Started approximately in 1920, this periodic (annual) data collection 
  is active. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Case-specific (person-level) (1990-2000) and aggregate 
  (1951-2000) final data are available upon request in accordance with the Council 
  of State and Territorial Epidemiologists (CSTE) data release policy and with 
  special agreement with the user. 
Data cell sizes that are small enough to identify particular individuals will 
  be excluded from the data request. In addition, any case identification information 
  will be omitted from the request; no personal identifiers are received by CDC. 
  These final data are collected and released by direction of the CSTE, and thus 
  all rights of privacy and confidentiality will be observed. 
WEB SITE: Annual summaries (1993-2000) are available at URL: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/summary.html 
  . Additional information about the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance 
  System is available at URL: http://www.cdc.gov/epo/dphsi/phs.htm.
CONTACT PERSON: Samuel L. Groseclose, D.V.M., M.P.H.
  Epidemiology Program Office
  Division of Public Health Surveillance and Informatics
  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-74, 4770 Buford Highway, Koger Center
  Atlanta, GA 30341
  Phone (770) 488-8359 / Fax (770) 488-8447
slg0@cdc.gov 


TITLE: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System 
ACRONYM: BRFSS 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The system provides official state health agencies with 
  the funding, training, and consultation necessary to permit them to routinely 
  collect behavioral risk factor information. Data items are included such as 
  cigarette smoking, alcohol abuse, seat belt usage, sedentary lifestyle, obesity, 
  hypertension treatment compliance, and routine demographic information (age, 
  race, sex, education). The behavioral risk factors are chosen based on their 
  strong relationship with many of the leading causes of premature death and disability. 
  States design the instrument that is used to collect these data. Technical and 
  financial assistance is provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
  (CDC) to all States, the District of Columbia, Guam, 
Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. Each participant will conduct surveys 
  of its noninstitutionalized adult populations during the course of the year 
  with 1,200-7,000 respondents interviewed annually in each State. Cluster sampling 
  will be employed. Interviews will be conducted monthly (100-700 per month) to 
  provide temporal information. Telephone interviewing is employed for cost and 
  efficiency. Each of the funded projects will use the information to track progress 
  in reducing behavioral risk factors over time. These selected behavioral risk 
  factors are closely associated with accidents, chronic diseases, and premature 
  death. They will provide early indications of chronic disease trends in minority 
  populations. 
These files contain data on: Functional/Health Status; Socioeconomic; Age/Gender; 
  Other Demographic/Sociocultural; Behavioral; and Other (personal behavioral 
  data related to the leading causes of premature death). 
RACE/ETHNICITY: Race categories are: American Indian/Alaskan Native; 
  Asian or Pacific Islander; Black; White; Other; Refused Specification; and Don't 
  Know/Not Sure. 
Ethnicity categories are: Hispanic Origin; Not Hispanic Origin; Don't Know; 
  and Refused Specification. 
STATUS: Started in 1984, this periodic (monthly) data collection is 
  active. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Upon request, with special agreement with the user. 
  All users must agree to submit, at least 4 weeks prior to any publication of 
  BRFSS data: (1) the title, abstract, expected date of publication and journal 
  name of publications that result from analysis of the data; and (2) name and 
  phone number of a contact person for any questions from state BRFSS coordinators 
  regarding the analysis or associated recommendations. 
Data that are over 1-year-old are available from CDC. 
All users must also agree to not release the data to other persons, not to 
  use the data for any purpose other than statistical reporting, and to acknowledge 
  the CDC as the original source of the data. 
Data Media: CD-ROM, Internet, Hard Copy 
Distributor of Public Use Files: Lina Balluz, ScD, M.P.H.
  Survey Operations Section
  Behavioral Surveillance Branch, NCCDPHP Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-66, 4770 Buford Hwy., N.E.
  Atlanta, Ga 30341-3724
  (770) 488-2466 / fax (770) 488-8150
Lballuz@cdc.gov
WEB SITE: http://www.cdc.gov/brfss

CONTACT PERSON: Bill Scott
  National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention
  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-66, 4770 Buford Hwy., N.E.
  Atlanta, GA 30341-3724
  (770) 488-2542 / fax (770) 488-8150
 Bscott1@cdc.gov 

TITLE: Minimum Data Elements (National Breast/Cervical 
  Cancer Early Detection) 
ACRONYM: MDE 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Breast and Cervical Cancer Mortality Prevention Act 
  Public Law 101-354 authorizes CDC to grant funds to states to screen low-income, 
  uninsured women for breast and cervical cancers, provide referrals for follow-up 
  and medical treatment for women with abnormal test results, develop and disseminate 
  information for preventing breast and cervical cancers, improve the training 
  of health professionals in preventing these cancers, and monitor the quality 
  of screening procedures. 
Methods of data collection for this system include: 
 direct interview 

 notification of case(s)/events 

Data are originally collected by: 

 individuals by self-report 
 private/doctors or nurses 
 hospitals 
 public health clinics 
 public health laboratories 
 state/local health departments 
 managed care organizations 

Data are sent bi-annually. 
RACE/ETHNICITY: Race and/or Ethnicity data available. The OMB Statistical 
  Directive 15 two variable standard for reporting is used. 
Race categories are: White, Black or African American, Asian, Native Hawaiian 
  or Other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaskan Native, Other.
Ethnicity categories are: Hispanic or Latino Origin.
STATUS: This system collects data actively. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: CDC internal use files only. Interpreted results 
  can be accessed through: 

 internal reports 
 external reports 
 peer reviewed journals 
 Internet 

CONTACT PERSON: Susan True
smt7@cdc.gov
  (770) 488-4880 



TITLE: National Program of Cancer Registries 
ACRONYM: NPCR 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) was 
  authorized by Congress in 1992 to implement the Cancer Registries Amendment 
  Act, Public Law 102-515. The National Program of Cancer Registries (NPCR) was 
  established to make grants available to States to enhance statewide population-based 
  cancer registries that will meet minimum standards of completeness, timeliness, 
  and quality and to establish statewide cancer registries where none exist. 
The national goals of this program are to rapidly establish and standardize 
  the reporting of cancer among the States in order to provide: (1) timely feedback 
  for evaluating progress toward achieving cancer-control objectives that include 
  the "Healthy People 2010" objectives; (2) data to monitor the incidence and 
  mortality trends in patterns by age, ethnic, and geographic regions within the 
  State, between States, and between regions; (3) guidance for health resource 
  allocation; (4) data to evaluate state cancer-control activities; and (5) information 
  to improve planning for future health care needs. 
At the close of 2001, CDC provided funding to 43 States and the District of 
  Columbia for enhancement of their existing central cancer registries and to 
  2 States and 3 Territories for planning and implementation of central cancer 
  registries. The NPCR collects incidence data on 100% of the population in the 
  central registries it supports.
The NPCR requires each funded program to implement the standards for data quality 
  and format as described by the North American Association of Central Cancer 
  Registries (NAACCR) and endorsed by CDC. The NPCR requires each funded State 
  to collect race and ethnicity data according to format described by the NAACCR 

RACE/ETHNICITY: Race categories are: White; Black; American Indian / 
  Aleutian or /Eskimo; Chinese; Japanese; Filipino; Hawaiian; Korean; Asian Indian/Pakistani; 
  Vietnamese; Laotian; Hmong; Kampuchean; Thai; Micronesian, NOS; Chamorran; Guamanian, 
  NOS; Polynesian, NOS; Tahitian; Samoan; Tongan; Melanesian, NOS; Fiji Islander; 
  New Guinean; Other Asian (including Asian, NOS and Oriental, NOS); Pacific Islander, 
  NOS; Other; and Unknown. 
Ethnicity categories are: Spanish / Hispanic Origin = Non-Spanish / Non-Hispanic; 
  Mexican (includes Chicano); Puerto Rican; Cuban; South or Central American (except 
  Brazil); Other Spanish (includes European); Spanish, NOS / Hispanic, NOS / Latino, 
  NOS (i.e., there is evidence other than surname or maiden name that the person 
  is Hispanic, but he/she cannot be assigned to any of the preceding categories); 
  Spanish (surname only) (only evidence of person's Hispanic origin is surname 
  or maiden name); and Unknown Whether Spanish or Not. 
DATA LIMITATIONS: The NPCR requires each funded program to implement 
  the standards of data quality and format as described by the NAACCR and endorsed 
  by CDC. In regard to the use of race and ethnicity, NAACCR provides the following 
  guidance: "Cancer rates vary by ethnic and racial group. For this reason, it 
  is useful to calculate incidence separately for ethnic and racial groups within 
  the registry's area of coverage. Of primary concern when calculating ethnic- 
  and race-specific rates is the comparability of definitions between the numerator 
  (i.e., cancer cases) and the denominator (i.e., population estimates). Specifically, 
  the methods that are used to define a person's race or ethnicity in the numerator 
  of the rate should be comparable to those used in the denominator. Unfortunately, 
  it is sometimes difficult to obtain appropriate estimates of the size of the 
  population by ethnicity and race. When calculating rates by ethnicity and race, 
  the registry must carefully document the methods by which race and ethnicity 
  were assigned, both in the numerator and the denominator." 
STATUS: This continuous data collection is active, from January 1995 
  to October 2002. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Data are owned by and reside in the State of origin. 
  Any restrictions on the use of data are stipulated by the individual State. 

NPCR funded programs report incidence data to CDC from their NPCR reference 
  year forward. The "NPCR reference year" is the first diagnosis year for which 
  a state or territorial cancer registry collected data with the assistance of 
  NPCR funds. In January 2002, CDC received information on more than 5.3 million 
  invasive cancer cases diagnosed during 1995 - 1999.
CONTACT PERSON: Phyllis A. Wingo, Ph. D., M.S.
  Cancer Surveillance Branch, DCPC
  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-53, 4770 Buford Hwy., N.E.
  Atlanta, GA 30341-3724
  (770) 488-4783 / fax (770) 488-4759
 paw1@cdc.gov 


TITLE: Pediatric Nutrition Surveillance System 
ACRONYM: PedNSS 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Pediatric Nutrition Surveillance System (PedNSS) is 
  a program-based surveillance system designed to monitor trends in physical growth, 
  anemia, and breastfeeding initiation and duration in children. The data represent 
  low-income children, in 46 participating States, territories, and tribal governments, 
  who are served by publicly funded health and nutrition programs such as the 
  Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC); 
  Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment (EPSDT) Program; the 
  Title V Maternal and Child Health Program (MCH); and Head Start. Technical assistance 
  is provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). 
Data are collected during clinic visits. Summary reports are generated annually 
  at the state, county, and clinic level. 
These files contain data on: Functional/Health Status; Age/Gender; and Other 
  (hematology, breastfeeding). 
CDC can provide national data, reports and publications. 
RACE/ETHNICITY: American Indian; Asian or Pacific Islander; Southeast 
  Asian Refugee; Black, Not Hispanic; White, Not Hispanic; Hispanic; and Other. 

STATUS: Started in 1973, this continuous data collection is active. 

HOW TO ACCESS DATA: The data are owned by participating States, territories, 
  and tribal governments and may be released upon their permission. 
Data are owned by the State of origin. Any restrictions on the use of the data 
  are stipulated by the individual State, territory, or tribal government. 
States have identified surveillance coordinators. These individuals would be 
  the contacts for state specific data, reports and publications. 
CONTACT PERSON: Christopher Reinold
  Public Health Nutritionist, Maternal and Child Nutrition Branch
  Mailstop K-25, 4770 Buford Hwy.
  Atlanta, GA 30341
  (770) 488-5702
CReinold@cdc.gov 

TITLE: Pregnancy Nutrition Surveillance System
ACRONYM: PNSS 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Pregnancy Nutrition Surveillance System (PNSS) is a 
  program-based surveillance system designed to monitor trends in the prevalence 
  of prenatal risk factors, which are major predictors of infant mortality and 
  low birthweight, as well as to monitor infant feeding practices. The data represent 
  low-income pregnant and postpartum women, in 27 participating States, territories, 
  and tribal governments, who are served by publicly funded health and nutrition 
  programs such as the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, 
  and Children (WIC) and the Title V Maternal and Child Health Program (MCH). 
  Technical assistance is provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
  (CDC). 
Data are collected during clinic visits. Summary reports are generated annually 
  at the state, county, and clinic level. 
These files contain data on: Functional/Health Status; Socioeconomic; Age/Gender; 
  Other Demographic/Sociocultural; Behavioral; and Other (hematology, breastfeeding). 

CDC can provide national data, reports, and publications. 
RACE/ETHNICITY: American Indian; Asian or Pacific Islander; Southeast 
  Asian Refugee; Black, Not Hispanic; White, Not Hispanic; Hispanic; and Other. 

STATUS: Started in 1979, this continuous data collection is active. 

HOW TO ACCESS DATA: The data are owned by the participating States, 
  territories, and tribal governments and may be released upon their permission. 

Data are owned in the State of origin. Any restrictions on the use of the data 
  are stipulated by the individual State, territory, or tribal government. 
States have identified surveillance coordinators. These individuals would be 
  the contacts for state specific data, reports and publications. 
CONTACT PERSON: Karen Dalenius
  Public Health Nutritionist, Maternal and Child Nutrition Branch
  Mailstop K-25, 4770 Buford Hwy.
  Atlanta, GA 30341
  (770) 488-5702
 ked3@cdc.gov 


TITLE: Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System 
  (PRAMS) 
ACRONYM: PRAMS 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) 
  is a program to reduce infant mortality and low birthweight. The surveillance 
  system is funded through the Infant Health Initiative. The overall goal of PRAMS 
  is to provide a basis for improved policies and programs that reduce infant 
  mortality and morbidity by changing women's high-risk behaviors during the periconception 
  and perinatal periods. Using PRAMS findings, States will be better equipped 
  to determine how to allocate resources and target subpopulations at increased 
  risk of poor birth outcome. PRAMS is being implemented in collaboration with 
  32 States and New York City. 
PRAMS is an ongoing state-specific population-based surveillance of selected 
  maternal behaviors that occur before and during pregnancy and the child's early 
  infancy. States collect data from a sample of State resident women who have 
  recently had a live birth. State sampling plans are tailored to meet the individual 
  needs of the State. Average annual sample sizes range from 1,200 to 3,600 women 
  per State. Samples are stratified to obtain larger numbers of high-risk deliveries. 

Women are asked about their prepregnant and prenatal behaviors, their experiences 
  of complications during pregnancy, and their use of health care during pregnancy 
  and the first months of the infant's life. Questionnaire data are linked to 
  information available from infant birth certificates. 
The data may be used to assess trends in behavioral risk factors, to identify 
  gaps in health care to be targeted for intervention, and to assess the impact 
  of behavioral risk factors and health care problems on pregnancy outcome, including 
  birthweight and infant mortality. PRAMS questions are designed to permit States 
  to track relevant Healthy People 2010 Objectives for the Nation and provide 
  information needed for Federal grant programs, e.g., the Title V Maternal and 
  Child Health (MCH) block grant and the Title X Family Planning grant. 
These files contain data on: Functional/Health Status; Services Utilization; 
  Services Expenditure and Financing; Socioeconomic; Age/Gender; Other Demographic 
  /Sociocultural; Behavioral; and Other (data are specific to state residents 
  who have delivered a live infant within 2-6 months of receiving the questionnaire). 

CDC publishes a multi-state surveillance book on 22-25 indicators. It also 
  provides some state-specific data on indicators by sociodemographic variables. 

RACE/ETHNICITY: American Indian; Chinese; Japanese; Hawaiian; Other 
  Asian or Pacific Islander; Black; Other Nonwhite; White; Unknown. 
All the variables in the survey can be looked at by race/ethnicity (including 
  Hispanic women). 
DATA LIMITATIONS: Maternal race is taken from the birth certificate. 
  Several States stratify by race, but stratification is not consistent and varies 
  from State to State. Florida, California, New York, and Washington State have 
  their own nonstandardized identifiers for Hispanic ethnicity; those data remain 
  with the respective State. 
STATUS: Started in Fall of 1988 (varies from State to State). This periodic 
  (monthly) data collection is active. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: The data are state-owned. 
Data are state-specific and state-owned. Questionnaire data cannot stand alone 
  but must be linked with birth certificate data. Individual States must be contacted 
  regarding the data. 
Each state handles the release of its data and the mechanisms for that vary 
  by state. 
WEBSITE: http://www.cdc.gov/nccdphp/drh/srv_prams.htm

CONTACT PERSON: Amy Lansky
  National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Centers 
  for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-22, 4770 Buford Hwy., N.E.,
  Atlanta, GA 30341-3724
  (770) 488-56284 / fax (770) 488-6291
 ALansky@cdc.gov


TITLE: Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System 
ACRONYM: YRBSS 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health 
  Promotion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System (YRBSS) was 
  developed to monitor priority health-risk behaviors that contribute to the leading 
  causes of mortality, morbidity, and social problems among youth and adults in 
  the United States. The YRBSS monitors six categories of behaviors: (1) behaviors 
  that contribute to unintentional and intentional injuries; (2) tobacco use; 
  (3) alcohol and other drug use; (4) sexual behaviors that contribute to unintended 
  pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease, including human immunodeficiency 
  virus (HIV) infection; (5) dietary behaviors; and (6) physical activity. 
The YRBSS consists of national, state, and local school-based surveys of representative 
  samples of 9th through 12th grade students, a national household-based survey 
  of 12- through 21-year-olds, and a national college survey. The national surveys 
  are conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The state 
  and local surveys are conducted by state and local education and health agencies 
  which receive technical assistance from the Division of Adolescent and School 
  Health, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, 
  CDC. The school-based surveys are conducted biennially with a self-administered 
  questionnaire. The household-based survey was conducted as a supplement to the 
  1992 National Health Interview Survey with an audiotape mode of administration 
  and a similar questionnaire. The National College Health Risk Behavior Survey 
  was conducted in 1995 among students attending 2- and 4-year colleges and universities. 

These files contain data on: Age/Gender; Behavioral; and Other (grade in school). 

RACE/ETHNICITY: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African 
  American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, White.
DATA LIMITATIONS: Most state and local surveys do not gather enough 
  data from some minority populations in their jurisdictions to allow for accurate 
  separate analyses of these subgroups. The specific categories vary by jurisdiction. 

For the national survey, Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino students 
  are oversampled to allow for accurate separate analyses of these subgroups. 
  Separate analyses also may be conducted for Asian or Pacific Islanders but with 
  less precision. 
STATUS: Started in February 1990, this periodic (biennial, odd-numbered 
  years) data collection is active. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Public use files of national data sets and codebooks, 
  usable without restrictions can be downloaded from www.cdc.gov/yrbs.
State, district, school, and classroom identifiers are not provided. Also, 
  no personal identifiers are collected-the data are anonymous. Permission to 
  use data from state and local surveys must be obtained from state and local 
  education and health agencies conducting such surveys. 
WEB SITE: www.cdc.gov/yrbs
CONTACT PERSON: Laura Kann, Ph.D.
  National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Centers 
  for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop K-33, 4770 Buford Hwy., N.E.,
  Atlanta, GA 30341-3724
  (770) 488-3202 / fax (770) 488-6181
 lkk1@cdc.gov




TITLE: Childhood Blood Lead Surveillance 

ACRONYM: 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Environmental Health, Centers for 
  Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: The purpose of the national childhood blood lead surveillance 
  program is to build state capacity to conduct surveillance; to establish a national 
  surveillance system based on state systems; and to use data to direct prevention 
  activities at the local, state, and national levels. The database includes children 
  age 16 years or less but is more complete for children less than age 6 years. 
  The national database collects data from participating States but excludes personal 
  identifiers. In 1995, collection of national data began with 10 states (California, 
  Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oregon, 
  and Rhode Island). Additional States are expected to participate in the future 
  as their surveillance systems are developed. 
State surveillance is based on laboratory reporting. In many States, all blood 
  lead levels are collected. State databases are organized by child identifier 
  and include basic demographic data, e.g., birth date, on all children. For children 
  with elevated blood lead levels, additional data, e.g., results of environmental 
  investigations, are also collected. However, the completeness of reporting of 
  the fields is variable. 
These files contain data on: Services Utilization; Age/Gender; and Other (blood 
  lead levels and demographic data on children tested for leading poisoning; for 
  children with elevated levels, medical treatment and possible sources of lead 
  exposure). 
RACE/ETHNICITY: Race categories are: Native American/Alaskan Native; 
  Asian/Pacific Islander (Asian Indian, Chinese, Filipino, Hawaiian, Korean, Vietnamese, 
  Japanese, Samoan, Hmong, Guamian, Other, Unknown); Black; White; Multiracial; 
  Other; and Unknown. 
Ethnicity categories are: Hispanic, Non-Hispanic; and Unknown. 
DATA LIMITATIONS: Among States participating in the system, the completeness 
  of reporting of fields on race/ethnicity is variable. The primary source of 
  these data are laboratory slips, which often contain incomplete data on race/ethnicity. 
  In addition, definitions of race/ethnicity categories may differ from State 
  to State. For example, a person with parents of different racial backgrounds 
  may be described as "multiracial" in one State, whereas in another State that 
  person may be described by the category of his/her mother. Finally, a category 
  for specific ethnicity was developed in response to a request from several States 
  to collect this information. Not all States use this field. 
STATUS: Started in 1995, data are collected annually. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Data collection began in 1995. The first national 
  report of data are expected in December 1998. Individual state reports and data 
  subsets are routinely developed for states submitting data to the national database. 
  Procedures for making additional data available are being developed. 
CONTACT PERSON: Sharunda Buchanan, Ph.D.
  Surveillance and Programs Branch
  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
  Mailstop F-47, 4770 Buford Hwy., N.E.
  Atlanta, GA 30341
  (770) 488-7088 / fax (770)488-7454
 sdb4@cdc.gov 



TITLE: Metropolitan Atlanta Congenital Defects Program 

ACRONYM: MACDP 
AGENCY/PROGRAM: National Center for Environmental Health, Centers for 
  Disease Control and Prevention 
DESCRIPTION: System compiles information on birth defects among all 
  children born to mothers resident in the 5 counties of metro Atlanta. Defects 
  must have been diagnosed before the sixth birthday. Rates are population-based. 
  Ascertainment is active. 
Methods of data collection for this system include: 

 medical record abstraction 

Data are originally collected by: 

 public health laboratories 

Data are collected daily. 
RACE/ETHNICITY: Race and/or ethnicity data not collected. 
STATUS: This system collects data actively. 
HOW TO ACCESS DATA: Public use data files available. Interpreted results 
  can be accessed through: 

 internal reports 
 peer reviewed journals 

CONTACT PERSON: Dave Erickson, D.D.S., Ph.D.
 jde9@cdc.gov
(770)488-7170 


