



New Trailer For Pompeii Starring Game Of Thrones' Kit Harington - Bleeding Cool Comic Book, Movie, TV News














































































Comics


TV/Film













Comics
Marvel
DC
Image
Dark Horse
IDW
Valiant
Dynamite
Boom
Avatar
Digital
Cosplay
Cosplay


TV/Film
Star Wars
SHIELD
GotG
Avengers
Doctor Strange
Ant Man
Arrow
Constantine
Flash
Gotham
Doctor Who
Mad Max














 Submit a tip Contact

















New Trailer For Pompeii Starring Game Of Thrones' Kit Harington


                    Posted December 4, 2013 by  





Comment




Frankly, it was kinda bad timing for this trailer to drop so soon after the one for 300: Rise of an Empire. It’s kinda going for the same thing and definitely the same target audience, but the new trailer for Pompeii just really can’t measure up.
Kit Harington wears that long-suffering Jon Snow face here as Milo, a slave who’s determined to buy his freedom and marry his dream girl (Emily Browning), who’s also a royal and definitely out of his league. Luckily, or unluckily, a volcano erupts before they get too deep into romantic angst, and everyone flees for their lives instead.

Very much in the Paul W. S.. Anderson / Resident Evil wheelhouse, a bit chaotic and pretty incoherent, but I believe he does have a fanbase, so if you’re interested, this one drops on February 21, 2014.





Comment












 








 
For Those Who Really Want Wonder Woman And Superman To Split Up, Read Injustice Gods Among Us






 
The Bleed 2.24: Reading Blacksad With Mike Tanner, Greg Smith And Zach Lehner






 
Countdown To The Eisners 2015 - Best Cover Artist






 
Orbital In Conversation with Jon Schnepp & Holly Payne Of The Death Of Superman Lives: What Happened?






 
Are Think Tank And Postal Being Made Into TV Shows?






 
Preview Marc Maron's Guest Appearance In Minimum Wage: So Many Bad Decisions #3






 
Rocksteady Have The Best Engineers Working Like Crazy To Fix PC Port






 
Take Pride - A Preview Of Midnighter And Dick Grayson






 
Fan-Made Credits For Doctor Strange Captures Ditko Feeling






 
Ant-Man To Be A Bad Guy After Secret Wars?  That's What He Wants You To Think...


 









 


 
 
 


 







Comics TV/Film Games Forums

 
 






BC Magazine




 
test post 30
test post 30, day 2.




















Comics


TV/Film


Games


Forums






About


Contributors


Magazine


Privacy Policy


Contact
















 
