

Citrix Online LLC: Private Company Information - Businessweek






























































  Bloomberg the Company & Products Bloomberg Anywhere Login      Bloomberg   Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.     Company  Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology History & Facts    Financial Products  Bloomberg Professional Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indexes Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Service Center Downloads    Enterprise Products  Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault    Media  Bloomberg Business Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus    Customer Support   Americas +1 212 318 2000   Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500   Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000     Communications  Press Announcements Press Contacts    Industry Products  Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance    Media Services  Advertising Bloomberg Content Service Bloomberg Live Conferences    Follow Us   Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram                             News     Markets     Insights     Video                       Global   Europe             Latest     World     Industries     Science+Energy     Technology     Design     Culture     Graphics     Pursuits     View     U.S. Politics     Businessweek         Stocks     Currencies     Commodities     Rates+Bonds     Magazine     Benchmark     Watchlist     Economic Calendar         Latest     Game Plan     Business Schools     Small Business     Personal Finance     Profiles         Watch Now     Video     Schedule + Shows     Radio     Events           



































































































June 27, 2015 2:48 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of 



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Citrix Online LLC provides mobility, virtualization, networking, and cloud services. Its products include Citrix Workspace Cloud for cloud-based services that provide the apps, documents, and collaboration services that people use for work; Citrix Workspace Suite, which provides access to apps, desktops, data, and services from any device and over any network for mobile workers; Citrix WorkspacePod, a pre-configured software stack for converged and hyper-converged infrastructure that accelerates the deployment and management of Citrix workloads; XenApp for virtual application delivery, providing Windows apps to workers on any device and anywhere; and XenDesktop to deliver desktops or apps to...
Citrix Online LLC provides mobility, virtualization, networking, and cloud services. Its products include Citrix Workspace Cloud for cloud-based services that provide the apps, documents, and collaboration services that people use for work; Citrix Workspace Suite, which provides access to apps, desktops, data, and services from any device and over any network for mobile workers; Citrix WorkspacePod, a pre-configured software stack for converged and hyper-converged infrastructure that accelerates the deployment and management of Citrix workloads; XenApp for virtual application delivery, providing Windows apps to workers on any device and anywhere; and XenDesktop to deliver desktops or apps to any device. The company’s products also comprise Desktops-as-a–Service for cloud-based access to business apps and desktops on any device; XenMobile for mobile device management, mobile application management, and enterprise-grade productivity apps; ShareFile, an enterprise file sync and sharing service; GoToMeeting that enables users to meet online with colleagues and customers; NetScaler, an application delivery controller for mobile and Web; CloudBridge that accelerates application delivery across public and private cloud networks, and provides enterprises with ability to support WAN virtualization; and XenServer, a server virtualization and hypervisor management platform. It serves healthcare, education, and finance enterprises; and small businesses and service providers worldwide. Citrix Online LLC was formerly known as ExpertCity, Inc. and changed its name to Citrix Online LLC in March 2004. The company was founded in 1997 and is based in Santa Clara, California. As of March 1, 2004, Citrix Online LLC operates as a subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc.
Detailed Description


4988 Great America ParkwaySanta Clara, CA 95054United StatesFounded in 



Phone: 408-790-8000

www.citrix.com







Key Executives for Citrix Online LLC




Mr. Bernd Oliver Christiansen


      	Chief Technology Officer and Vice President
      








Mr. Malte Muenke


      	Chief Architect and Vice President
      








Mr. Mike Musson


      	Vice President of Strategic Market Development
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2014. 

Citrix Online LLC Key Developments

Citrix Online LLC Presents at The Third Annual Los Angeles & Southwest Data Center Summit, Dec-17-2014
Nov 6 14
Citrix Online LLC Presents at The Third Annual Los Angeles & Southwest Data Center Summit, Dec-17-2014 . Venue: Los Angeles, California, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 HealthSquare.com United States Travlang.com United States Hykoo Inc. United States PubMatic, Inc. United States StorkBrokers, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Bankruptcy

			      February 5, 2015
			    
CSHM, LLC
























 













Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States Greater Houston Partnership United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Report Data Issue
To contact Citrix Online LLC, please visit www.citrix.com.  Company data is provided by Capital IQ.  Please use this form to report any data issues.


 Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name

Your E-Mail Address

Your Phone Number

Type of Data


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close










    Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy          Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices    Website Feedback Help     



















