





Windows Azure Toolkit for Windows Phone - Home











































Code

Register
Sign In



















home
source code
downloads
documentation
discussions
issues
people
license






Are you Sure? X


            By clicking Delete, all history, comments and attachments for this page will be deleted and cannot be restored.
            








Page Info
Change History (all pages)

















All Project Updates


Discussions


Issue Tracker


Downloads


Reviews


Source Code


Wiki & Documentation





                        Subscribe
                    













Windows Azure Mobile Services
The Windows Azure Toolkit for Windows Phone provided developers with the first iteration of support for building backend services for Windows Phone apps using Windows Azure.  The main areas of feedback we received from mobile developers was that they
 wanted a turn-key set of services for common functionality such as notifications, auth, and data.  

Windows Azure Mobile Services directly reflects this feedback by enabling developers to simply provision, configure, and consume scalable backend services. The downloads for this toolkit will be removed on the week of Feb 1st 2013 and all future improvements
 will be channeled into Windows Azure Mobile Services rather than this toolkit. 
To get started with Mobile Services, 
sign up for a Windows Azure account and receive 10 free Mobile Services.


 

The Windows Azure Toolkit for Windows Phone is designed to make it easier for you to build mobile applications that leverage cloud services running in Windows Azure.
The toolkit includes Visual Studio project templates for Windows Phone and Windows Azure, class libraries optimized for use on the phone, sample applications, and documentation. All this content is designed to be easily reused, simplifying your experience
 and optimizing your time when building your own phone applications leveraging cloud services.
For more details, take a look at our 
documentation.




Includes projects, libraries, source code, 
and dependency checker



Includes full source code





Install-Package Phone.Notifications.BasePage



Install-Package 
Phone.Notifications.AccessControl





Install-Package CloudServices.Notifications



Install-Package CloudServices. 
Notifications.AccessControl



Install-Package 
CloudServices.Notifications.Sql





If you have questions or feedback, please send an email to waztoolkitwp7@microsoft.com.



Last edited  by nharris, version 70






There is no recommended release for this project.


activity



page views
visits
downloads








Days: 


7



30



All

Details



related projects
Windows Azure Toolkit for Windows 8







© 2006-2015 Microsoft
Get Help
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Advertise With Us
Version 5.26.2015.21018






