
Welcome to CUNY -
    The City University of New York







Skip to ContentSkip to Main Website MenuSkip to Page MenuSkip to Role-Based MenuSkip to Featured Links Skip to "Find It" Links Skip to "College Websites" Links 





 



Future Students

Current Students

Faculty/Staff

Alumni









About


Academics


Admissions


Financial Aid


Research


News/Events


Libraries


Employment










    

 




Log-in


CUNYfirst


Blackboard


CUNY Portal


eSIMS







Login    











exit video







 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







0

         
      




                
               


Making City Government Work

James Oladipupo Williams (John Jay College of Criminal Justice, B.S., Public
            Administration, '15) intends to learn how cities can function -- and then put that
            knowledge to use in his native Nigeria -- through a 2015 New York City Urban
            Fellowship.






                
               


Setting the News on Fire

María Sánchez Díez (CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, M.A. in Entrepreneurial
            Journalism, December '15), a Spaniard, won a 2015 Foreign Press Association Scholarship
            to further develop a news-aggregating app that mixes Spanish and English content for
            young Hispanic-Americans.






                
               


Trapping Greenhouse Gasses

Johnathan Culpepper (Medgar Evers College, A.A., Mass Communications,'06; B.S.,
            Environmental Science '09), a Ph.D. engineering student at the University of Iowa, won a
            2015 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship to find ways of locking up
            climate-changing carbon and nitrogen.






                
               


Championing Justice for Immigrants

Laura Sofia Rodríguez (City College, B.A., Spanish, concentration in Latin American
            Literature and History, '11), a 2015 graduate of Emory University School of Law, won a a
            2015 Justice Fellowship from the Immigrant Justice Corps and will focus on
            LGBT/HIV-positive clients seeking immigration help.






                
               


Clytemnestra in Ireland

Keelie Sheridan (Brooklyn College, M.F.A., Acting, '13) intends to reset the ancient
            Greek Oresteia trilogy in Ireland during her 2015 George J. Mitchell
            Scholarship.






                
               


Poetry From Life

Gregory Pardlo, a doctoral student at the CUNY Graduate Center, won the 2015 Pulitzer
            Prize for Poetry for his brilliant collection, "Digest."






                
               


The Mexico Chonicles

Jeffrey Peer, a doctoral student at the CUNY Graduate Center who has taught writing
            at Baruch College, goes to Mexico to research two newspaper essayists who commented on
            key events in the country's 20th century history.






                
               


Acting with Humanity

Valeria Munt (Brooklyn College, B.A., political science, French and Spanish
            literature '08; City College, M.A., international affairs '15), who studied role of
            sports in diplomacy, has won a 2015 Humanity in Action Diplomacy and Diversity
            Fellowship. 






                
               


Putting Aesthetics in Context

Hogai Sarbeland Aryoubi (CUNY B.A., Anthropology of Cross-Cultural Aesthetics '13)
            heads to Turkey with a 2015 Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship.






                
               


Fighting the Good Fight Against Violence

Ilana Gelb (CUNY B.A. and Macaulay Honors College at Baruch College, Violence,
            Conflict and Development, '16) is learning Hindi in India on a State Department Critical
            Language Scholarship.






                
               


A Bias Beater

Angglelia (Angel) Sutjipto (CUNY baccalaureate, Genocide Studies, '13), a Dreamer
            from Indonesia, will learn how other countries have dealt with discrimination and
            resistance with a 2015 Humanity in Action Fellowship. 






                
               


Speaking Up for Diplomacy

Joshua Trinidad (CUNY B.A./Hunter, World Languages and Literatures/Translation and
            Interpretation, '12) is preparing for work as a Foreign Service diplomat with a
            federally funded 2015 Charles E. Rangel Graduate Fellowship.






                
               


Encountering Cultures Here and Abroad

Carlsky Belizaire (Macaulay Honors College at Queens College, B.A., political
            science, 2015) heads to Taiwan with a 2015 Fulbright English Teaching
            Assistantship.






                
               


An Irrepressible Global Do-Gooder

Evgeniya Kim (Macaulay Honors College at Hunter College, B.A., international
            relations) won a 2015 Paul &Daisy Soros Fellowship for New Americans for M.B.A.
            studies at the Yale School of Management.






                
               


Heading into Public Service

Jacob (Jake) Levin (Macaulay Honors College at Brooklyn College, B.A., political
            science and philosophy, history minor, '16) won a 2-15 Harry S. Truman Scholarship, a
            federally financed award that supports graduate study by students who are committed to
            public service.






                
               


Word Up!

Carla Spensieri (Hunter College, B.A., Italian Culture and Civilization, '14; Queens
            College, M.A.T., Childhood Education, '15) is off to Brazil to learn Portuguese while
            holding a 2015 Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship.






                
               


Translating More Than Words

Eric M.B. Becker (Queens College, MFA, Creative Writing and Literary Translation '15)
            will use his 2015 Fulbright Award to travel to Brazil to work on translations of a story
            collection and a novel. 






                
               


Living an American Life

Xavier Medina (LaGuardia Community College, A.A. Liberal Arts-Social Science, '15), a
            Dreamer from Ecuador, has won a Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Undergraduate Transfer
            Scholarship to pursue a bachelor's degree in political science. 






                
               


Protecting the Coastline

Sean Thatcher, a rising junior at the College of Staten Island's Verrazano School
            honors program, won a 2015 Barry Goldwater Scholarship, the most prestigious
            undergraduate award in the sciences. 






                
               


Outthinking Brain Proteins

Dalila Ordonez (Hunter College, B.A., Biopsychology '13), a doctoral student in
            Harvard University's Molecules, Cells and Organisms Program, will research nerve
            degeneration with a 2015 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship. 






                
               


Jazzing on the Black Experience

Sean DesVignes, a Brooklyn College junior already gaining a national reputation for
            his poetry, won a 2015 Beinecke Scholarship for graduate study, one of just 20 awarded
            to "young men and women of exceptional promise."






                
               


Fishing for Sustainability

Nathaniel Sibinga (Brooklyn College, M.A., Biology, '15) will research a more
            environmentally friendly way to farm fish under a 2015 Fulbright Fellowship to Norway. 






                
               


Her Chinese New Year

Karissa Caputo (Macaulay Honors College at Queens College, B.A., Spanish Education,
            minor, Mandarin, '15) prepares for a career as a foreign language teacher with a 2015
            Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship to Taiwan.






                
               


From BMCC to NASA

Joshua Tanon (Borough of Manhattan Community College, A.S., Engineering Science '15)
            won a coveted 2015 NASA summer internship to work on the design of sensors that may help
            a glider explore Mars. 






                
               


Electoral Collegian

Jamel Love (John Jay College of Criminal Justice, B.A., Political Science '15) won a
            $4,000 grant from the American Political Science Association's Minority Fellowship
            Program and is heading into a political science doctoral program at Rutgers
            University.









  


Chancellor James B. Milliken

"Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has made safety on college campuses a matter of the highest priority and through legislation he championed, has set an example for the nation in addressing sexual violence on campus. We commend the Governor and the New York State Legislature for reaching agreement on this important legislation. CUNY has been a strong supporter of these important reforms." 
 







Newswire

 / subscribe




Statement by Chancellor James B. Milliken on the New York City Budget Agreement for 2015-16

With deepest appreciation, we commend Mayor Bill de Blasio, Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito and The New York City Council on the budget agreement on >>



 




Sciencewire



Topping Out at City Tech’s New Academic Building in Downtown Brooklyn






TODAY At CUNY



The 35th Annual Library Research Review Competition
June 27
LaGuardia Community College


Roosevelt House Tours
June 27 | 10:00 AM
Hunter College


Citizenship Now! Application Assistance Event with the New York City Mayor's Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) (Queens)
June 27 | 11:00 AM
The University




Upcoming Board of Trustees Meetings
Monday, June 29, 2015




Open Houses at the Colleges



more








 
 


 
 
 
 
 


CUNY Media



Watch CUNY CHANNEL


Read CUNY NEWSWIRE


Listen CUNY RADIO


Inside CUNY iTUNES U


View CUNY TV





Financial Aid Tool Box



Keeping Tuition Affordable


Applying for Financial Aid


Pell/TAP Need-Based Support


Scholarships and Grants


Estimating College Costs


The CUNY Value





Quicklinks



Resources for Combating Sexual Harassment/Sexual Assault (Title IX)

 Portal/CUNYfirst/Blackboard/eSIMS 
 Trustees 
 Find People (phone/emails) 
 Continuing & Professional Education 
 Giving to CUNY Colleges


Freedom of Information Law (FOIL)







  
            |
              
            |
              
            |
              
            |
              
            |
             
            |            
            
|            
            



        Some features on this Website require JavaScript (if you see this message it's because the browser has JavaScript turned off or does not support it).
      




GENERAL FINDS


Find a Course


Find a Program


Find a Degree


Find People (phone/emails)




TOP SEARCHES


Blackboard


eSIMS (Student Registration)


CUNYfirst


Transcripts


Student Jobs


Campus IT Help Desks


How to Change Password?




TOP CLICKS


Admissions


Financial Aid


Portal Log-in


News


Academics


Current Student Services


Administration




QUICK FINDS



Academic Calendars


College Registrars


CUNY Athletics


CUNY Policies


Online Education


CUNY TV


Winter Session


Summer Session








SENIOR COLLEGES


Baruch College


Brooklyn College


The City College of New York


College of Staten Island


Hunter College


John Jay College of Criminal Justice




SENIOR COLLEGES


Lehman College


Medgar Evers College


New York City College of Technology


Queens College


York College




HONORS and PROFESSIONAL


CUNY Graduate Center


CUNY Graduate School of Journalism


CUNY School of Law


CUNY School of Professional Studies


CUNY School of Public Health


Macaulay Honors College




COMMUNITY COLLEGES



Borough of Manhattan Community College


Bronx Community College


Stella and Charles Guttman Community College


Hostos Community College


Kingsborough Community College


LaGuardia Community College


Queensborough Community College









Additional Links

 Colleges & Schools 
 Centers & Institutes 
 Alumni, Students & Faculty 

 Administration 
 Trustees 
 Master Plan 2012-2016 
 University Resources 
 History

 CUNY  &The City 

 Invest In CUNY 
 About Home 


 Academic Calendars 
 Academic Programs 
 Continuing & Professional Education 
 Current Initiatives 
 Pre-College Education 
 Study Abroad 
 Testing 
 Academics Home 


 Undergraduate 
 Graduate 
 Apply to CUNY 
 Continuing & Professional Education 
 Online Education 
 Visiting Students 
 Contact Us 
 Admissions Home 


 Applying for Financial Aid 
 Student Eligibility 
 Federal and State Grants 
 Scholarships 
 Student Loans 
 Tax Benefits 
 Estimating College Costs 
 Graduate Students 
 Financial Aid Forms 
 Information & Resources 
 Financial Aid Home 


 Research News & Events 
 Faculty Resources 
 Research Compliance 
 Office of the VC for Research 
 Postdoctoral Development 
 Student Research 
 Research Home 


 CUNY Newswire 
 CUNY Channel 
 CUNY Radio 
 CUNY Events 
 Publications 
 News/Events Home 


 Library News 
 Online Catalog 
 Local Research Links 
 Library Services 
 CUNY Campus Libraries 
 E-Resources 
 Office of Library Services 
 Libraries Home 


 Search Job Postings 
 Classified Civil Service 
 Job Search Process 
 Job System Instructions 
 Diversity at CUNY 
 Campus HR Offices 
 Student Jobs 
 Employment Home 



