
































Complex Sentence Writing for ESL



















 









About.com


Food


Health


Home


Money


Style


Tech


Travel



									More
									





Autos


Dating & Relationships


Education


Entertainment


en Español


Careers


News & Issues


Parenting


Religion & Spirituality


Sports








Videos








 


 












 





 










Share













 










Pin













 








 
 










Tweet













 










Submit













 










Stumble













 










Post













 










Share













 

 













 
 


 
 


 
 


. . .



 
 


 
 


Complex Sentence Writing
From Simple Sentences to Complex Sentences










		                	English as 2nd Language Expert
 







 










Share













 










Pin













 








 
 










Tweet













 










Submit













 










Stumble













 










Post













 










Share













 

 












Sign Up for our Free Newsletters
Thanks, You're in!




















You might also enjoy:














Sign up


There was an error. Please try again.
Please select a newsletter.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?


            Thank you,,for signing up!
		


 
English as 2nd Language Categories



 English for 
 
 Intermediate Level 
 
 Advanced Level 
 
 Pronunciation and Conversation 
 
 English Lesson 
 
 English Grammar 
 
 Improve Your 
 
 Listening 
 
 Writing in 
 
 Teaching English as a Second 
 
 Improve Your Reading 
 
 TOEFL, IELTS, Cambridge Examination 
 
 English for Business and 
 
 English Learning 
 
 ESL Schools, Courses, Software, 
 
 
 
 Start Learning 
 
 Continue Learning 
 
 Teaching English as a Second 
  
				Updated Articles and Resources 
 

 












Complex sentences refer to sentences that have more than one subject and one verb. Complex sentences are connected by conjunctions and other types of linking words. Other complex sentences are written with relative pronouns, as well as other sentences using more than one clause. This exercise starts off easy by using two simple sentences and using a conjunction to connect the two sentences to make one complex sentence.



Combing simple sentences to make complex sentences is an important exercise to help you advance in your writing abilities. This writing exercise focuses on taking simple sentences and transforming them into complex sentences which are then combined into a paragraph.Simple Sentence -> Complex SentenceExample: Tom is a boy. He is eight years old. He goes to school in Philadelphia.Complex Sentence: -> Tom is an eight-year old boy who goes to school in Philadelphia.Here are some simple rules to remember when combining simple sentences into complex sentences:Don't repeat words Change words if necessary Add words to connect ideas Complex Sentence ExerciseCombine the following sentences into complex sentences. Remember that a number of answers may be correct. Click on the following page to compare your answers following page to compare your answers with two possible paragraphs.His name is Peter.He's a famous professional athlete.He's a baseball player.He has a large house in Miami.The house is beautiful.He often travels around the US.He plays away games in different cities in the US.He travels by airplane.He usually sleeps on the plane.He stays up late after games.He is an excellent pitcher.Fans love his abilities.Coaches love his abilities.Every week he plays a home game.The game is played in Glover Stadium.The game is usually sold out.Glover Stadium is old.Glover Stadium doesn't have enough seats for all the fans.The fans wait in line to buy tickets.The fans often pay more than $60 dollars for a ticket.The fans are unhappy about the ticket prices.The fans love Peter.
Compare Your Answers


 










Share on Facebook













 










Pin to Pinterest













 






Next






2


 




Related Articles

Complex Sentence Answers
Practice in Identifying Sentences by Structure
Compound Complex Sentence Worksheet
10 Common Sentence Mistakes in English
Learn how to write the four basic sentence types in English
Do you know the two types of conjunctions in English?





Our Expert Recommends


 How To Write an Essay
 

 Basic Essay Writing Style
 

 How to Write a Business Letter
 

 Interesting Writing: Descriptive Verb usage
 

 Sentence Connectors - Guided Writing
 



 Writing Informal Letters
 

 Basic Essay Writing Style
 

 Developing a Character Analysis
 

 Using Themes to Relate to a Story
 






 

English as 2nd Language Essentials






 


Get daily or weekly English lessons delivered to your email






 


What's the Difference Between American and British English?

 TOEFL, IELTS, Cambridge Examination Preparation






 


How to plan ESL lesson plans

 ESL EFL Teaching Techniques and Strategies






 


Present Simple

 Tenses - Present, Past and Future






 


Learn the Basics to Writing a Business Letter

 English Writing Style - Sentence, Paragraph and Essay Writing Skills







 

Education Slideshows






 


9 Tips to Improve Your College Essay Style

 College Admissions






 


Can You Name the 10 Smallest Countries in the World?

 Geography






 


10 Largest Sea Creatures

 Marine Life






 


9 Common Dreams and What They Mean

 Psychology






 


What Was Underwear Like in Medieval Times?

 Medieval History










Readers Recommend

Beginning English Grammar Review Quiz - 1
Advanced English Grammar Review Quiz
TOEFL Grammar Quiz
Intermediate English Grammar Review Quiz
Business English Level Test










 
























 

 





 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 





 







About EducationFollow us:
 
 
 
 


We deliver. Get the best ofAbout Education in your inbox.



Sign up


Thanks for signing up!
There was an error. Please try again.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?

            You can opt-out at any time.. See our privacy policy.
        

 






Our Story
Advertise With Us
Site Map
Help




Write for About
Careers at About
Terms of Use & Policies


 





 


 





 

 


