 



Better Business Bureau returns to O.C. - The Orange County Register


































 









 







Subscribe Today
Customer Service
eRegister
Today's Paper





Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Life
Opinion
Obits

Register Connect











 


CARS
JOBS
DEALS
HOMES
CLASSIFIEDS



Real Estate
Retail
Automotive
Economy
Small Business
Healthcare
OC Leaders
Status Update
Tourism
More




 





Best amateur surfers competing in Huntington Beach for the National Scholastic Surfing Association's National Championships

Founder of Fairmont Private Schools dies at 89

Shark selfies trending as local great whites become celebrities

Orange County's 'toilet-to-tap' water recycling program expands
 


Ducks acquire Carl Hagelin, Anton Khudobin in trades

Miller: The Angels' Christmas in June promotion gets lumps of coal

Ducks agree to trade Kyle Palmieri to Devils, select Jacob Larsson in draft

Angels, fans witnessing the Albert Pujols they thought they were getting
 


Builder leapfrogs to U.S. top 20: Two years ago, TRI Pointe was the nation's 156th biggest builder; now it ranks 17th

Building her empire on ignorance and persistence: How Casco Contractors founder became a leader in a male-dominated profession

Debt, low inventory mar housing boom, economists say

Disney's Rasulo will earn $5.4 million as Iger's advisor
 


Basement Jaxx return to their roots

Confederate flag paintings on display in Laguna Beach

Art-a-Faire and Sawdust: Festival season returns to Laguna Beach

Jack's 10th Show gives fans plenty to love
 















Business

Better Business Bureau returns to O.C.

Dec. 5, 2013 
Updated  8:18 a.m.












 


 

 



 

 
 














For more informationBBB of San Diego, Orange and Imperial Counties
Orange County office:
500 North State College Blvd., Ste. 1100, Orange
Phone: 800-600-7050
Website: bbb.org/sdoc (active mid-
December)
BBB of Los Angeles and Silicon Valley
Los Angeles County office:
448 South Hill Street, Suite 418,
Los Angeles
Phone: 213-631-3600
Website: bbb.org/losangelessiliconvalley (active mid-December)
Source: Council of Better Business Bureaus






The Better Business Bureau is coming back to Orange County.
Nine months after shuttering its local office over violations of the group's standards, the Council of Better Business Bureaus on Wednesday announced the opening of branches in Orange and Los Angeles to handle consumer complaints, accreditation and other services.
The group, which oversees 113 bureaus nationwide, also said it has reassigned oversight of local businesses. Companies in Orange County will be served by the organization's San Diego bureau, which was renamed BBB of San Diego, Orange and Imperial Counties. Los Angeles County businesses will fall under the purview of the San Jose site, which was renamed BBB of Los Angeles and Silicon Valley.
Sheryl Reichert, chief executive of the San Diego outpost, said she plans to lead an outreach effort in Orange County. “I am looking forward to meeting the businesses in Orange County as we seek representatives to serve on our board of directors,” she said. “It really is a local community organization.”
Founded in 1912, the nonprofit Better Business Bureau is best known for assigning letter grades to businesses based on a number of factors, including their willingness to resolve customer complaints. The organization also offers a paid accreditation service.
In March, the Council of Better Business Bureaus expelled the BBB of the Southland following an investigation into complaints about pay-to-play practices. The 77-year-old chapter had been the largest Better Business Bureau in the nation, overseeing about 18,000 businesses across Orange, Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino counties.
The council revoked the office's right to use the bureau's name and logo, but BBB of the Southland has continued to offer business reviews under the name Business Consumer Alliance.
Over the past nine months, the national Better Business Bureau has served much of the Southern California market remotely through a website.
Reichert acknowledged that the controversy eroded some of the public trust in the Better Business Bureau name. She said her office is reviewing accreditation for each business that had been served by BBB of the Southland.
“We didn't cut off anybody's accreditation,” she said. “What we're doing is revetting each one of those companies to ensure that they're meeting BBB standards. There have been a number of companies that we have denied reaccreditation because they didn't meet our standards.”
Contact the writer: 714-796-7922 or rclough@ocregister.com




















Most popular
'They grew up together, and left us together': Longtime friends die in head-on car crashThe company wants to invest at Disneyland, California Adventure in exchange for no new gaTrabuco Canyon boy, 14, died in suspected DUI crash that injured his brother, cousinShark shots trending as local great whites become celebritiesAttorney sets sights on court clerk suspected in Orange County record-fixing cases






 







 



 










User Agreement
			

Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement

Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial
				slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about
				tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to
				allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to
				republish your name and comment in additional Register publications
				without any notification or payment.
















Best amateur surfers competing in Huntington Beach for the National Scholastic Surfing Association's National Championships

Founder of Fairmont Private Schools dies at 89

Shark selfies trending as local great whites become celebrities

Orange County's 'toilet-to-tap' water recycling program expands
 


Ducks acquire Carl Hagelin, Anton Khudobin in trades

Miller: The Angels' Christmas in June promotion gets lumps of coal

Ducks agree to trade Kyle Palmieri to Devils, select Jacob Larsson in draft

Angels, fans witnessing the Albert Pujols they thought they were getting
 


Builder leapfrogs to U.S. top 20: Two years ago, TRI Pointe was the nation's 156th biggest builder; now it ranks 17th

Building her empire on ignorance and persistence: How Casco Contractors founder became a leader in a male-dominated profession

Debt, low inventory mar housing boom, economists say

Disney's Rasulo will earn $5.4 million as Iger's advisor
 


Basement Jaxx return to their roots

Confederate flag paintings on display in Laguna Beach

Art-a-Faire and Sawdust: Festival season returns to Laguna Beach

Jack's 10th Show gives fans plenty to love
 







Education »
Founder of Fairmont Private Schools dies at 89
Student turns autism into awakening
Government names special master for Corinthian student debt


BUSINESS »
Builder leapfrogs to U.S. top 20: Two years ago, TRI Pointe was the nation's 156th biggest builder; now it ranks 17th
Building her empire on ignorance and persistence: How Casco Contractors founder became a leader in a male-dominated profession
Debt, low inventory mar housing boom, economists say


O.C. Watchdog »
Attorney sets sights on court clerk suspected in Orange County record-fixing cases
Orange County Superior Court record-fixing probe may involve 1,000 traffic cases; clerk suspected of altering documents
OC Watchdog: How much are colleges such as UC Irvine, Cal State Fullerton spending on water?


Health Care »
Orange County woman sues medical scope maker over outbreak of superbug at UCLA Medical Center
Fountain Valley-based MemorialCare names new CEO for its three Long Beach hospitals
Can DNA testing personalize skin care?


ENTERTAINMENT »
Basement Jaxx return to their roots
Confederate flag paintings on display in Laguna Beach
Art-a-Faire and Sawdust: Festival season returns to Laguna Beach


Food »
Name change for oldest O.C. brewery: Irvine-based Bayhawk Ales Inc. will be rebranded as Evans Brewing Co.
Swedish fish by the bucket: IKEA debuts candy shop in Costa Mesa
Brad A. Johnson: Sapori pizzas simply brilliant


TELEVISION »
Binge Watch: Hulu, Showtime combine forces
'True Detective' puts Colin Farrell, a true actor, on duty
Watch this, skip that: 'Humans'


Special Sections »
OC HOME: Serene Oasis
OC HOME: May 
Philharmonic House of Design





	    Featured Multimedia


CARTOONS »


Cartoons: Court brings marriage equality to nation




RIGHT TO WED »


Focus: Supreme Court legalizes same-sex marriage




SLIDESHOW »


Orange County same-sex couples say it's about love, not law




SLIDESHOW »


Photos: Top NBA picks show the draft suits them well with their bold choices




SLIDESHOW »


Supreme Court declares same-sex marriage legal throughout U.S.




SLIDESHOW »


Miley Cyrus, Neil Patrick Harris and more: Celebrities tweet support for gay marriage














Register Connect

WIN AN OC FAIR SUMMER EXPERIENCE!
WIN A PARTY PACKAGE AT BIG AIR TRAMPOLINE PARK - BUENA PARK!
$40 GIFT VOUCHER TO THE LAUGH FACTORY!





Programs & Promotions

Nominate an Everyday Hero
Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters


Receive breaking news and newsletters











Business Directory





 More Orange County Businesses  












	Ads by Google









Cars
Jobs
Homes
Deals
Classifieds




Find a car



Dealer Print
Specials
Find a Dealer


News and Research
Sell a Car






Find a job



Employer Tools
Interview Online


Post a Resume
Top Workplaces






Find a home



Apartments & Rentals
Find an Agent


Mortgage Center
New Homes






Find a deal



Garage Sales
Grocery Coupons


Search Coupons
Search Ads






Search Classifieds



Announcements
Obituaries


Place an Ad
Pets




























home
news
sports
business
entertainment
life
travel
opinion
Real estate
Jobs
Cars
Deals
Classifieds
Place an Ad





ADVERTISE OPTIONS

Self Service
Place an Online Ad
Place a Print Ad
Place a Classified Ad
Media Kit
Advertising Contact Info


CONTACT OCREGISTER

About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Corrections
Customer Service
Subscribe Today
Upgrade to 7-days
Subscriber Services
Site Help
Site Feedback


OCR SERVICES

Archives
Buy Our Photos
California Lottery
Deals
Register Connect
Register in Education
Obituaries
Facebook Comments FAQs
Higher Education
Tickets


NEWS YOUR WAY

Blogs
E-Mail Newsletters
E-Register
Mobile
RSS
Article Map
Site Map
Video


ADVERTISING

Classifieds
Cars
Deals
Jobs
Real Estate
Place a Classified Ad
View our Media Kit


PARTNERS

KDOC-TV
MSNBC
Unidos
Coast Magazine
OC Register Magazine
OrangeCounty.com
Freedom Printing
OC Register Family
OC Register Metro
Southland Golf











Privacy Policy | Site Help | User Agreement | Site Map











































