








Skip Starbucks and go here!!! - Review of FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar, Bloomsburg, PA - TripAdvisor







































Not ready to book?


No rush. We've  so you can come back any time, compare prices, and complete your booking.










Skip Starbucks and go here!!! - FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar














 










Bloomsburg Tourism




Places to stay in Bloomsburg




Bloomsburg Bed and Breakfast




Bloomsburg Vacation Rentals




Bloomsburg Vacations




Flights to Bloomsburg




Bloomsburg Restaurants




Things to Do in Bloomsburg




Bloomsburg Travel Forum




Bloomsburg Photos




Bloomsburg Map




Bloomsburg Travel Guide








All Bloomsburg Hotels 

Bloomsburg Hotel Deals 

Last Minute Hotels in Bloomsburg





Bloomsburg Family Hotels


Bloomsburg Campgrounds













3-star Hotels in Bloomsburg







Bloomsburg Hotels with Pools


Pet Friendly Hotels in Bloomsburg







Hotels near Bill's Old Bike Barn


Hotels near Bloomsburg University of PA


Hotels near Children's Museum


Hotels near Columbia County Historical & Genealogical Society


Hotels near Artspace Gallery


Hotels near Columbia Creek Farm






Flights



Vacation Rentals






All Bloomsburg Restaurants 

Restaurants near FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar





American Restaurants for Special Occasions in Bloomsburg


American Restaurants with Outdoor Seating in Bloomsburg


Bakeries in Bloomsburg


Bars and Pubs in Bloomsburg


Delis in Bloomsburg


Dessert in Bloomsburg


Italian Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Japanese Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Late Night American Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Mexican Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Pizza in Bloomsburg


Seafood Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Thai Restaurants in Bloomsburg







Best Crab in Bloomsburg


Best Shrimp in Bloomsburg


Best Cheesecake in Bloomsburg


Best Crab Cakes in Bloomsburg







Breakfast & Brunch Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Lunch Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Dinner Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Late Night Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Kid Friendly Restaurants in Bloomsburg


Restaurants with Outdoor Seating in Bloomsburg


Restaurants for Special Occasions in Bloomsburg


Romantic Restaurants in Bloomsburg









All things to do in Bloomsburg 

Things to do near FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar




Best of 2015



Your Friends 

Travel is better with friends.Get inspired by your friends and share your travel plans. Learn more





Travel Guides



Travel Forum



Apps



Cruises



GreenLeaders



Help Center
















FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar
 




















 
 











Search

















 











“Skip Starbucks and go here!!!”






























































 FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar 







+1 570-389-7651




 







Improve this listing 













 Reviews




Price range: ₹0 - ₹636 

Cuisines: Cafe 

Description: As Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania's first ever artisinal coffee cafe, you will not only enjoy a fantastic array of coffee and espresso, but you will also be engaged and a part of the brewing process as soon as you pull up a seat at our bar. By using craft techiques such as pourovers, Chemex, loose leaf tea brewing, and hand-melted european hot chocolate, we believe that this creativity, when combined properly with a setting of warmth, good conversation, friendship and learning, will enable you to experience a side of coffee culture that you've likely never seen, nor tasted before. 

Restaurant details 

Description: As Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania's first ever artisinal coffee cafe, you will not only enjoy a fantastic array of coffee and espresso, but you will also be engaged and a part of the brewing process as soon as you pull up a seat at our bar. By using craft techiques such as pourovers, Chemex, loose leaf tea brewing, and hand-melted european hot chocolate, we believe that this creativity, when combined properly with a setting of warmth, good conversation, friendship and learning, will enable you to experience a side of coffee culture that you've likely never seen, nor tasted before. 




 Sponsored links * 

 










There are newer reviews for this restaurant
See the most recent reviews 





















Painted Post, New York





Level  Contributor 


 













“Skip Starbucks and go here!!!”






I was on my way back from NYC on interstate 80 and searched for a coffee shop in the Bloomsburg area and found this place with good reviews. So I decided to stop it was only 5 minutes off the highway and WELL WORTH IT!!!The placeIt has the ambiance of a local coffee shop with somewhat limited seating. Looks like a great place to grab a cup and read a book and study. Vintage wood floors with a few small tables and few small chairs/couch to hang out in. I dont know if they have a private lot but all I saw was street parking so you might have to parallel park.The staffThe guys working had suggestions ready to go when I asked. They were very friendly and patient with a me since I had never been there.The coffeeI went with the barista suggestion and had the almond latte with a chai caramel muffin. Let me first say my latte was top notch. If was nice a hot which is a far cry from many places I go and they are luke warm! I have no idea what kind of beans they use but they had great flavor. A perfect balance of the almond blended with espresso. I was truly impressed. I can tell you I will be getting off the highway again next time I come down 80.P.S Prices were a little cheaper than Starbucks if you were wondering









Value




Service


Food

















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






Write a Review

6 reviews from our community





Visitor rating 


























 


Rating summary 
































6 reviews sorted by:


















English first 

Any 






English first 

Any 

























Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, United States





Level  Contributor 


 









“Great brews, excellent value”






Have been to Fog & Flame several times. All of my experiences were consistently enjoyable. The tea selection is very nice and the servings are generous for a very reasonable price. The atmosphere is relaxing and amenable to meeting with friends.









Value




Service


Food

















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






















My City





Level  Contributor 


 





“What a gem!”






Exploring the area and saw good reviews for this coffeehouse... Had an EXCELLENT cappuccino with a DELICIOUS cookie! Staff is quick with a smile:) Loved the feel and atmosphere of the place... was quiet at the time and read to my content. Cool music in the background, not overpowering. If I lived nearby, I would definitely frequent this place!!!




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






















Pottsville, Pennsylvania





Level  Contributor 


 













“Quaint and Quiet”






We visit here often during our trips to Bloomsburg. Desserts are always good but a little pricey. Friendly staff and a clean establishment.




















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 






















Bloomsburg





Level  Contributor 


 













“Awesome addition to Bloomsburg!”






Delicious coffee along with a great selection! I have tried almost all of the latte flavors and have never been disappointed. The chai is great as well! Smoothies are incredible for the non-coffee drinker. They have tasty baked goods along with vegan selections! My personal faves: CHAI MUFFINS AND VEGAN OATMEAL COOKIES. Definitely consider stopping here if you are passing through or visiting Bloomsburg. The service is amazing and the workers are always pleasant and fun to talk with!









Value


Atmosphere




Service


Food

















This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. 








Next


2


 


Travelers who viewed FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar also viewed










Seasons on main



69 Reviews



Bloomsburg, PA 











Rose Marie's Restaurant



72 Reviews



Bloomsburg, PA 



  








Turkey Hill Brewing Company



204 Reviews



Bloomsburg, PA 











Marley's Brewery and Grille



87 Reviews



Bloomsburg, PA 



  


All restaurants in Bloomsburg (85)





Been to FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar? Share your experiences! 





 



Owners: What's your side of the story? 

If you own or manage FOG & FLAME Craft Coffee and Espresso Bar, register now for free tools to enhance your listing, attract new reviews, and respond to reviewers. 
Manage your listing 
 
 







Hotels travelers are raving about...




 

The Inn at Turkey Hill



195 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 












 

Econo Lodge



62 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 












 

Hampton Inn Bloomsburg



311 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 















 

Relax Inn



6 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 












 

Holiday Inn Express Bloomsburg



113 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 












 

Budget Host Patriot Inn



62 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 














 




 

Comfort Suites Bloomsburg



167 Reviews 







 
Bloomsburg, PA 
 























Browse nearby


 Restaurants 

Hotels 

Things to Do 














Also show 







Hotels



 







Restaurants



 







Things to Do



 









Also show 









 








MapSatellite 

Map updates are paused. Zoom in to see updated info. Reset zoom 





 




Your filters are still active. 

There are no pins in your viewport. Try moving the map or changing your filters. 


Thank you for your interest.This feature is coming soon. 


Return to Map 









 Sponsored links * 


Popular Bloomsburg restaurants 
Seasons on main
Brennan's Big Chill
Turkey Hill Brewing Company
The Farmhouse At Turkey Hill
Rose Marie's Restaurant
Berrigan's Sub Shop
Marley's Brewery and Grille
Cracker Barrel
Quaker Steak and Lube
A Taste of Italy
Ready Go Burrito
Filet 18
Steph's Subs
Carini Pizza Subs & Restaurant
Scoreboard Sports Tavern
Playa Cancun
The Links at Hemlock Creek
Jerseytown Tavern
Bloomin Bagels I & II








Popular Hotels 




Holiday Inn Express Bloomsburg


 113 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 27, 2015















Holiday Inn Harrisburg/Hershey


 145 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 27, 2015















Jonestown KOA


 25 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 25, 2015















Pine Barn Inn


 143 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015















All Suites Inn


 50 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 24, 2015















Candlewood Suites Hazleton


 154 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 24, 2015















Super 8 Mifflinville


 174 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 24, 2015















Econo Lodge


 62 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 22, 2015















The Inn at Turkey Hill


 195 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 19, 2015















TownePlace Suites Williamsport


 72 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 20, 2015















Maple Rose Bed and Breakfast


 1 review 

Last reviewed Jun 15, 2015















Budget Host Patriot Inn


 62 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 12, 2015















Comfort Inn


 101 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 7, 2015















Sleepy Hollow Bed and Breakfast


 28 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 1, 2015















Comfort Inn Selinsgrove


 46 reviews 

Last reviewed May 29, 2015
















Bloomsburg resources


Bloomsburg Bed and Breakfast


Bloomsburg Maps


Hotels near Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania





Explore the World
 Hotels




Hilton House in Windermere


 144 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 17, 2015






Dove Creek Lodge in Key Largo


 661 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 25, 2015






Hampton Inn & Suites Denver Tech Hotel Denver


 334 reviews 

Last reviewed Jun 26, 2015




  Travel Destinations




Jarvisburg Hotels


1 Hotel, 10 Reviews








Leipzig Hotels


104 Hotels, 10,152 Reviews








Glacier National Park


1 Hotel, 1,198 Reviews








New York City


464 Hotels, 536,071 Reviews






  Sightseeing




Luna del Caribe in Punta Cana


 45 reviews 







 




 










Reviews and advice on hotels, resorts, flights, vacation rentals, travel packages, and more so you can plan and book your perfect trip!




| 
|  


© 2015 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved. TripAdvisor Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.


* TripAdvisor LLC is not a booking agent and does not charge any service fees to users of our site... () 

We noticed that you're using an unsupported browser. The TripAdvisor website may not display properly. We support the following browsers:
Windows:
,
,
.
Mac:
.

TripAdvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content.

  

 



















 



























































