



 




















	Pharmacy Technicians at CVS Health





































About Us
Our Business
Social Responsibility
Research & Insights




Careers
Newsroom
Investors
Contact







LinkedIn






Overview
Corporate
Distribution Center
Internships
Nurses
Pharmacists
Pharmacy Technicians
Retail Store



Pharmacy Technicians
Join our charismatic Pharmacy Tech team and deliver exceptional care and clinical support to support the needs of the communities we serve.






Pharmacy Technicians JobsRetail StorePharmacy Technicians play a significant role at CVS/pharmacy as they are often the first interaction a customer has within the pharmacy. We offer a number of positions for all skill levels within the pharmacy team and provide education and training so that team members can keep their skills up-to-date.Pharmacy Technician - Retail Store Jobs »Call CenterThe Retail Pharmacy Customer Care Center team is made up of Pharmacists, Pharmacy Technicians, and Customer Service Representatives. This team supports our stores and customers by handling phone inquiries, refills, clinical questions, and other pharmacy related requests in order to allow our retail pharmacy teams to spend more time assisting our retail customers and provide the one-on-one service our customers deserve.Pharmacy Benefit ManagementAt CVS Health, Pharmacy Technicians have multiple opportunities ranging from managing prescription entry, clinical care, physician and participant outreach, to assisting with filling/dispensing and packaging at our mail and specialty mail facilities. We offer a variety of positions based on our operation facilities, shift options and full or part-time schedules. Most positions require either state or national certification, while others offer training opportunities in order for team members to acquire their certification.All Pharmacy Technician Jobs »





Search Jobs
Search Jobs 

Advanced Search



Share Us











Job Alerts - Sign Up or Sign In








Learn More

Who We Are
What We Offer
Diversity
Our Business
Having Trouble Applying?








About CVS Health
Millions of times a day, we’re helping people on their path to better health – from advising on prescriptions to helping manage chronic and specialty conditions.  Because we are present in so many moments, big and small, we have an active, supportive role in shaping the future of health care.

© 2015 CVS Health
About 
Diversity 
Press Releases 
Investors 
Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy 
Patient Privacy 
EEO is the Law





 






Welcome Back!
Password:



Forgot Password?
Password you entered is incorrect.
A new password has been sent to your email address.



 





If you are a human, do not fill in this field.












