


Dainik Bhaskar Jobs - Jobs in Dainik Bhaskar - Career in Dainik Bhaskar - Job Openings in Dainik Bhaskar



























 












Careers
Contact us
Visit us
 









About US

Dainik Bhaskar Group  is India"s Largest Newspaper Group. With a readership of 1.96 crore  (Source: IRS Q2 2012), Dainik Bhaskar is today synonymous with success, quality, change,  dynamism and ethics in millions of households across India and the corporate  world alike.

            From a humble beginning of one Hindi Edition  from Bhopal in 1958, the Dainik Bhaskar Group today has grown to become India's Largest  Newspaper Group - with its flagship Hindi daily newspaper - Dainik Bhaskar, Gujarati daily - Divya Bhaskar, Marathi daily - Divya Marathi and English daily - DNA, it covers 14 States with 67 Editions  in 4 Languages. In addition to these, it also publishes Business Bhaskar, DB Star and Magazines like Aha! Zindagi, Bal Bhaskar, Young Bhaskar and Lakshya.

            Dainik Bhaskar Group also includes MY FM (FM Radio channel in 17  Cities across 7 States ) & IMCL (Digital Media). The diversified group also  has a strong presence in other sectors like Power Generation &  Distribution, Textile, Malls & Hotel, Real Estate & Printing.

            MyFM - 94.3 Jiyo Dil Se, is the 4th largest  radio network in India. Currently operational in 17 cities across 7 states in  India, MyFM concentrates on music, talk shows and other entertainment oriented  programmes that offer significant interaction with the listeners thereby  engaging a rapidly increasing audience base.

            IMCL - I Media Corp Ltd. is the digital arm of Dainik Bhaskar Group, which is responsible for building the digital  reach for the group and in the process has been successfully able to build the  world"s largest Hindi and Gujarati news websites - dainikbhaskar.com and  divyabhaskar.com and also launched India"s first English News website -  dailybhaskar.in, and Marathi news website - divyamarathi.com. All these  websites made a record of over 240 million page views (hits) in one month in  July 2012, and the traffic is on the upswing only.

            Diligent Power - It is a Dainik Bhaskar Group company, setting up two thermal power plants -  1200 MW in Chhattisgarh and 1300 MW in Madhya Pradesh.

            Textile - In 1996, the Dainik Bhaskar Group further diversified its portfolio by venturing  into textiles sector by setting up a spinning unit at Mandideep, near Bhopal in  M.P. Presently, the spinning capacity is 17500 TPA and the Denim capacity is  440 lacs meters P.A.

            Mall, Multiplexes and Hotel - 'DB City Mall' is  central India"s biggest mall with 13.5 lac square feet of built up area.  It has a 6-screen multiplex by Fun Cinemas. It also houses a 4 star business  hotel - Courtyard Marriott and 1 Lac square feet of corporate office space.

            MP Printers - Started in 1989, it is one of the  largest commercial printing units of northern India. With huge investments  being made into MPP, it has become the most preferred printing company among  major print buyers due to its advanced technology and fast turn-around time.

            Real Estate - The Group is setting up the first  of integrated malls, multiplexes and hotels on 5.90 acres of land in the heart  of the Bhopal city with a gross lettable area of approx 10,50,000 sq. ft.  including 6 multiplexes. The Group is planning to develop UPTOWN APOLLO - an  integrated residential township on 32 acres of land in Indore. Also on the  planning stage is to develop an integrated Commercial and residential complex  on land bank of 36,65,000 sq. ft. (market value more than Rs.500 Cr.) at places  like Ahmedabad, Noida and Indore. Dainik Bhaskar Group is also planning to set up a world-class SEZ at  Indore in the area of approx. 10,000 acres, in partnership with the Madhya  Pradesh Government. 












Content provided by Dainik Bhaskar Group., Info Edge India Limited disclaims all warranties against infringement. Visit  Security Guidelines and Terms and conditions for more comprehsensive information in this regard




















