















Not all those who wander are lost.









































































Not all those who wander are lost.











































































































We’re starting to seriously panic about the price of entry
to return to the US. Cell phone plans. Health insurance. A computer. A car??
Hair appointments. Dentist appointments. Clothes and shoes that haven’t been
worn every day for ten months. Living in the US, California especially, is
freaking EXPENSIVE!!



Our perspective on finances changes so much whenever we
travel. We’ve grown accustomed to spending no more than $2 on a meal. To not
having any bills. To paying someone $3 to do all of our laundry for us. I was
reading the menu of a new restaurant I want to try in LA, and noticed that not
a single glass of wine was under $15. FIFTEEN DOLLARS!! That would pay for a hotel
room in Vietnam. A nice one!



People often ask how we afford to travel like this. And the
short answer is, we save aggressively and spend prudently. We travel to really
affordable places where our monthly budget is a fraction of what it is at home.
We think carefully about every purchase and make sure it’s meaningful and worth
it before we splurge. We stick to our guns and don’t make exceptions for every
special circumstance (cause trust me, there are lots of them!)



But somehow, within weeks of living in LA, I know that a $15
glass of wine will feel normal again. Phone bills will be paid without a second
thought. Appointments and shopping trips just a swipe of a little piece of
plastic.



As our arrival in the states grows closer, we are really
hoping to carry a little more of this mindfulness home with us. That we’ll seek
out and appreciate the cheap and free things to do in LA, just like we would if
we were travelers there. That the line between wants and needs will be almost
as clear as it is on the road. After I buy my new iPhone, that is.


























Persistence. Perfection. Poor Planning.







Angkor. The magnificent remains of the Khmer Empire (often
referred to by the name of its most famous temple, Angkor Wat). The filming location of Indiana Jones and Tomb Raider movies. One of the most important
archaeological sites in Southeast Asia. The largest religious monument in the world, stretching over some 150 square miles
in the Cambodian jungle. And at
the top of my bucket list for the past several years.



Our ticket allowed entry on any three days within one week. On our first of these visits, we checked off the item on every
tourist’s itinerary: Watching the sunrise over Angkor Wat. Our tuk tuk driver
picked us up from our guesthouse at 4:45am. We’d chosen him days earlier
because we liked his smile, his festive tunes, and the bounty of LED lanterns swaying ferociously from his tiny roof with every bump in
the road.





We sped down the dark roads under the blanket of night, air
already thick with humidity of the day to come. Music blaring, passing other
tuk tuks, hearts racing as the time was finally upon us. We arrived amidst a
sea of others and raced across the long moat into the temple, our path
illuminated only by the dancing beams of flashlights, unable to catch a glimpse
of the imposing outer walls we were about to penetrate. Once through the main gate, the
whisper of dawn began to reveal the outline of a magnificent temple within, and we took our
seats amongst the crowd to witness what we’d come all this way for.








Now, it’s tough to be present and in the long-awaited moment
when hundreds of people are competing with you for the perfect shot. But we
got a few nonetheless, and when the sun's rays finally ascended above the
temple, we took a seat nearby to eat the breakfast picnic we’d packed the night
before. Sunrise over Agkor Wat: Check.











We’d paid our driver just $20 for a full day tour, so we
proceeded to be whisked around the complex, stopping at various sites of
interest along the way. It was packed. And hot. An inferno unlike anything we’ve
felt in most places in the world. Record high temperatures, we later
learned. Each time we returned to the tuk tuk from exploring yet another
temple, Mr. Saan offered us a fresh bottle of water and cool cloth to wipe our
sweat. The piles of old stones began to blur into one another, a haze of
history under an unrelenting sun. But we were determined to see all that we
came for, heat stroke be dammed.







































By noon, we had completed our circuit. The hotel's not-quite-cool-enough pool offered a reward for our persistence.



On the second visit, we took a different approach. Go to
where the least amount of people will be, and avoid the sun altogether. Another
4:45am pick-up, but this time we ventured deeper into the jungle to Bayon
Temple. With every surface covered in giant serene faces, it was a magical and
eerie place to watch night turn to day. We were literally the only two people
out there, secluded and enveloped by the sounds and smells of the surrounding
jungle.























Once the sky was lit to a soft powder blue, we sped
off to my favorite of Angkor’s temples, Ta Prohm. One of the few in the complex
where nature has been left uninterrupted to take it’s course, the crumbling
walls have been consumed in places by ancient tree roots. A beautiful reminder
of the power of mother earth, and a rugged place where you can actually feel the
years that have passed since the fall of the Khmer empire. We had seen this
site on our first day's visit, but being one of just a few people there - while everyone
else was miles away at Angkor Wat - was a truly magical experience.




















We returned home for a mid-day swim and snooze, following by
another swim and lunch. We finally had this Angkor thing figured out! That
evening, we returned to watch the sun set at Angkor Wat,
catching it in a different light and from the reverse view of our first visit.
Day 2, absolute perfection.






















The very last day that our passes were valid, we skipped
the sunrise and opted for a sleep in, another swim, and some $1.50 margaritas
at our favorite Mexican joint in town instead. Just two more items lingered on
our wish list: Exploring a temple I was denied access to prior (for wearing a
tank top), and watching the sun set from high atop the hill of Phnom Bakheng
temple.



As the afternoon drifted on over frozen beverages, we
realized we may have waited too long to contact our favorite tuk tuk driver. By
the time we reached him, the sun hung low in the sky, and we nervously awaited
his postponed arrival while debating whether we should go with one of the
dozens of other guys parked on the street beside us. But we loved our driver! And
wanted to stay loyal to him! I guess we better order another.




Our guy finally arrived and we rushed to Phnom Bakheng,
with just a half hour to spare before we had to make our way tot the
famous sunset spot. We parked and sprinted to the gates in my long sleeved
shirt, but I was denied again, this time for wearing shorts. WHAT?! The sign didn’t say
anything about shorts! Upon further investigation, it turned out that shorts were
okay, they just had to be longer than my shorts. Between you and me, I think
this is a ploy for the nearby vendors to sell their wares, but that’s neither
here nor there. I sulked back to the tuk tuk where Reece, never missing a
chivalrous opportunity, offered to trade shorts with me. This way I could at
least run up and get the photo I wanted before our time here came to a close. 



We struggled (and failed) to find a private place, so we
covered up as best we could with a towel and dropped our pants. All the while considering whether
showing a bare ass in front of the temple was any less offensive than wearing shorts inside it. In my rush, I fell and sliced up my knee on
thousand-year-old rubble. The pleasant margarita buzz had evolved into a hot
and hazy sleepiness. So far, things were not going as planned.





I finally limped across the pavilion, inside the main gates, and up the stairs to the viewpoint I sought.
Oh, so many stairs. Oh, so hot. For a moment, I actually felt like I might pass out. No shade in which to seek relief. No supportive
husband by my side. No stop to the pounding in my head. It was a miserable rush but I got the shot. You can see the overwhelming excitement on my face.





















Now it was time for the grand finale. A short hike to the
top of a hill where we could sit upon ancient ruins and watch the sun dip into
the distant horizon, across Cambodia’s lush landscape, while contemplating life
and counting our many blessings... And being pushed and shoved by a swarm of other tourists trying to capture the same moment of peace. We had to wait in a
line to even get up the stairs to see the view, where we stood around idley
searching for a place to rest our sore bums.









Did I mention Reece was still wearing my shorts??






Ultimately, it was so crowded that it wasn’t even worth waiting around for the
sun to go down. We took our time strolling down the hill back to our waiting
driver, pausing to appreciate the orange sky for a moment away from the hoards. Our final day may have been poorly planned, but we couldn’t have asked for a more
well-rounded Angkor experience.

































When in Rome...







...you should do whatever it is Romanians do. When in Cambodia, you should see a Khmer boxing match.



Clutching a worn flyer, we motioned to the tuk tuk driver
where we wished to go. It wasn’t a long ride, about 15 minutes to the outskirts
of town. We were dropped off in a dirt lot, and approached a small window to pay
our entrance fee. Once through the chain-link gate, I was immediately struck by
the smell of tiger balm in the air. Restless boxers paced about, awaiting their
next fight. An announcer’s voice boomed through a set of speakers, and ecstatic
cheers emanated from the entrance to the tarp covered stadium.



We entered shyly and climbed the wooden bleachers to find an
open spot amongst the crowd. A rhythmic percussion amped up the lively spectators, and it wasn’t long before I noticed it was not a
radio, but rather live drummers booming from the sidelines. Boxers
shifted their weight from one foot to the next in time with the music, swaying
as hypnotically as snake charmers. Then, like snakes, they’d strike
with a quickness and strength that took my breath away. We were worried it may
be a cheesy show, more of a tourist attraction than an actual fight. But these
fights were real - impacts echoing
across the ring, kicks nearly shattering shins, blood splattering from opponent’s
faces. The pulsing beat went on, picking up pace with the increased aggression and excitement.



We drowned cans of local brew in the sweltering heat.
Shouted and cheered and grimaced along with the captivated crowd. Amidst it all, it dawned on me that we were the people in those travel shows we're so addicted to. Down a dirt road in Cambodia, surrounded by shouting
local men placing anxious bets, watching the local champion defend his title, air thick with humidity and sweat. This was one of those moments that
would fit right into an episode of Anthony Bourdain’s Parts Unknown. I could just see the camera pan across the frenzied crowd, the slow-mo shot of a landing punch, the
pounding soundtrack driving the action. Time seemed to slow down around me as I
breathed it all in, engaging each of my senses, memorizing the moment.



Six bouts and as many cold beers later, the event was
over. We poured into the street with the buzzing throng, competing for the
attention of tuk tuk drivers to take us to the nearest local watering hole.
Since that’s where everybody else was going. And after all, when in Rome…









































Otres Beach, Cambodia







It doesn’t get much closer to the beach than this.







Indigo Bungalows on Otres Beach. Just one of the dozens of
simple, thatched roof bungalows that line this stretch of fine white sand on Cambodia’s
southern coast. It’s a place where you go to watch the
sunset over the Gulf of Thailand. To stroll from one beach bar to the next.
To disconnect from the rest of the planet. We stayed here for just a few nights
before the Angkor Wat itch called us to Siem Reap. And we were painfully
negligent in our photo-taking. Nevertheless, for a few pics of our time in
Otres, click HERE.






























Kampot, Cambodia







Kampot is an oh-so-quiet riverside town in southern
Cambodia, just two hours from the Vietnamese border. It’s a perfect place to
transition into a new country – slow and peaceful and welcoming. A two-block
town center hosts about a dozen bars and restaurants, mostly run by checked-out expats. The majority of visitors stay just outside of town, in one of the handful of
extraordinarily chilled out, rustic riverfront accommodations.



We stayed in a bamboo hut at Samon Village, mainly because
their large wooden deck offered no shortage of lounge chairs and hammocks from
which to soak up the area’s relaxed vibe. Motorbike adventures and rock
climbing offered a few good reasons to tear ourselves away, as long as we came back in
time for a sunset kayak.



For photos of our visit to Kampot, click HERE.






































Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
















About Me





Sabrina


In 2010, Reece and I quit our jobs, threw everything into storage and traveled around the world for a year - Sixteen countries, countless new friends, and a lifetime of memories. After coming home, settling back into daily life and getting married, we never quite shook that travel bug. So, in July of 2014, we hit the open road again! Here is the story of our adventures.

View my complete profile






Your email: 




































Search This Blog










Archive









2015








May



We’re starting to seriously panic about the price ...









April










March










February










January












2014








December










November










October










September










August










July












2013








September












2011








January












2010








December










November










October










September










August










July










June










May










April










March










February










January












2009








December










November










October










September













Followers









































Simple template. Powered by Blogger.




























