




Adobe Marketing Cloud









































Adobe Marketing Cloud
Pre-Header Copy Link 1 | Link 2





Digital Trends for 2014
Quaterly Digital Intelligence Briefing  











The 2014 Digital Trends Briefing, in association with Econsultancy, highlights the key digital trends, challenges and 
opportunities which marketers need to be aware of during 2014, covering topics ranging from customer experience and mobile to cross-channel marketing and email.
The report is based on a global survey of more than 2,500 marketers and internet professionals carried out at the end of 2013.
Findings include:

A fifth (20%) of client-side survey respondents say that customer experience is the single most exciting opportunity for 2014, ahead of mobile (18%) and content marketing (15%).
Content marketing (24%) is the most exciting opportunity for B2B marketers, while mobile (22%) is first in the pecking order for B2C marketers.
Almost two-thirds of company respondents have a strong appetite for digital experimentation during the year ahead.
Only 23% of company respondents believe they have the marketing technology they need to succeed.

The following 10 key trends are featured in the report:

Customer experience is the single most exciting opportunity for 2014
In the world of B2B, content is king
A year of experimentation and agility
Consumer expectations outpace corporate innovations
Evolving role for email as marketers seek to engage with millennials
Technology brings efficiency and immediacy to display advertising
Marketers fit for the future need to find the balance between extremes
Companies focus on harmonising cross-channel messaging and experience
Mobile has won... the time for procrastination is over
Content, mobile and social will become business as usual

Fill out the form to download your complimentary Digital Intelligence Briefing worth £450 /€530.














Notice: By supplying my contact information, I authorize Adobe and its agents ("Adobe"), to contact me (via email, phone and/or mail) about Adobe, its products and services, including product releases and updates, seminars, events, surveys, trainings, and special offers. I will have the opportunity to opt-out of future communications, and Adobe may use data I have provided in accordance with the Adobe online privacy policy. Please review Adobe's online Privacy Policy which is found at: http://www.adobe.com/misc/privacy.html
Adobe and the Adobe logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Copyright © 2014 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.















 



