






















































Google Capital Invests $45 Million In Duolingo: Co-Founder And CEO Luis von Ahn Talks Goals And Future Plans










































iDigital Times 






Search form

Search 





















Home
Games
Gadgets
Culture
 
 










 






                
                
                                  
                
                
                  //php echo $breadcrumb; ?>
                
            















Thu, 06/11/2015 - 23:40

              Android            

Google Capital Invests $45 Million In Duolingo: Co-Founder And CEO Luis von Ahn Talks Goals And Future Plans 

            By   







Subscribe









Follow Us

Follow @idigitaltimes


Subscribe to our Newsletter


Invalid e-mail address.

Email 







 





Related Stories




            Thu, 04/09/2015 - 16:54          

Duolingo Wants ‘Star Trek’ Fans To Teach English Speakers Klingon 



 

Google Capital has invested $45 million in Duolingo, a language learning app, which has 100 million users and is the most downloaded educational app on both the Google Play Store and iTunes.
“Duolingo’s mobile-­first, adaptive, and gamified platform is changing the way people are learning languages across the globe,” said Laela Sturdy, partner at Google Capital. “We were blown away by Duolingo’s growth and engagement numbers, and we’re thrilled to partner with them as they shape the future of education.”
Duolingo previously raised $3.3 million in the 2011 Series A investment round led by Union Square Ventures, $15 million in the 2012 Series B investment round led by NEA and $20 million in the 2014 Series C investment round led by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Google Capital joins investors that include Ashton Kutcher and Tom Ferriss. Duolingo is now valued at $470 million. 
iDigitalTimes reached out to Luis von Ahn, co-founder and CEO of Duolingo (and inventor of reCAPTCHA) to find out about the future plans and goals now that the series D investment round has closed. 
"Duolingo’s original goal was to offer free language education for the world,” said von Ahn. "Now, we’re focused on offering the best possible education the maximum number of people in the world.” 
One of the advantages of Duolingo is that mobile-first allows users to take on bite-sized lessons that can be consumed in minutes, from any location. Duolingo’s digital-native interface also requires constant user attention and engagement, so users are not passively watching something.


“Because human tutors are scarce and expensive, we are using technology to give everyone access to accesses to a personalized education in a scalable way,” he said. Duolingo is drawing on data being analyzed by a large team of machine learning PhDs to create adaptive courses that are tailored to delivering education for each student. 
 


“In order to accomplish this, we are working to optimize the rate at which people acquire information, making the experience as entertaining as possible to help students persist, and we’re using machine learning to offer personalized learning experiences to each of our users,” said von Ahn. “This was impossible with traditional education and has been mostly unexplored by other educational technologies.”



Despite how well suited Duolingo is for international markets where access to high-quality education is difficult (whereas mobile phones are more common), Duolingo has also been adopted in traditional classrooms. The Duolingo Schools platform boasts 100,000 registered teacher accounts with some teachers replacing their language textbooks and curriculum in favor of the platform. 
“We will use Google Capital’s investment towards these goals, and to help schools and governments successfully improve their language classes with Duolingo,” said von Ahn. 





Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter


Request Reprint



  















 








 







 








 By Fionna Agomuoh 


 

Who Is Bree Newsome? Activist Removes Confederate Flag From South Carolina Statehouse Flagpole 

                What you need to know about activist Bree Newsome who removed the Confederate Flag from the South Carolina Statehouse flagpole Saturday.              





Bree Newsome 

Free Bree 

Keep It Down 

Confederate Flag 

South Carolina 

Charleston Shooting 





0 0 







 By Xavier Harding


The Next iPhone With Force Touch Is Rumored To Have Begun Production 

 

              With Force Touch in the Apple Watch and Macbook, the iPhone is next to receive Apple's new pressure sensitivity technology             




Apple 

iPhone 7 

iPhone 6s 





0 0 







 By Susmita Baral 


 

'Sherlock' S4: Is Sherlock Holmes Gay? 

                Find out when "Sherlock" season 4 will air and if the lead protagonist, Sherlock Holmes, is gay.               





0 0 







 By Danny Choy 


 

Formula D Round 4 The Gauntlet Live Stream: Watch Top 16 To Finals Online [PREVIEW] 

                Watch the live stream Formula DRIFT Round 4 The Gauntlet              





0 0 







 By Susmita Baral 


 

Beauty App Lets Strangers Give Their Opinion About Your Look 

                The latest feature in beauty and fashion app, The Hunt, allows the user to crowdsource opinions about their look.              





0 0 







 By Zulai Serrano 


 

'Fantastic Four' Reboot Trailer: Invisible Woman, Human Torch Tease Their Powers [VIDEO] 

                The Fantastic Four reboot film has a new TV spot with Sue Storm as its narrator.              





Fantastic Four 





0 0 







 By Zulai Serrano


RUMOR: 'Star Wars 7' Heroes Aren't Related To Han, Luke Or Leia? 

 

              The heroes of Star Wars Episode 7: The Force Awakens may have a connection to Han Solo, Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia, but it may not be by blood.
            




Star Wars 

star wars 7 





0 0 







 By Zulai Serrano 


 

Suicide Squad's Jared Leto Sent Love Letter With A Rat To Margot Robbie From 'The Joker' 

                Jared Leto has a strange sense of humor on Warner Bros. upcoming Suicide Squad movie set.
              





Suicide Squad 





0 0 







 By Phillip Martinez 


 

First Yu-Gi-Oh! Movie Trailer to be Shown at Comic-Con?  

                The Everything Geek podcast recently interviewed a composer for the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime dubs and he revealed that a trailer may be shown at Comic-Con this year.               





Yu-Gi-Oh! 

anime 

SDCC 2015 





0 0 







 By Zulai Serrano 


 

'Fear The Walking Dead' Trailer Teases Eerie Missing Child Posters Near Graveyard [VIDEO] 

                The Fear the Walking Dead teasers are getting a little more intense as the series premiere quickly approaches.               





Fear The Walking Dead 

The Walking Dead 





0 0 






Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
 














 







    Thu, 04/09/2015 - 16:54  

Duolingo Wants ‘Star Trek’ Fans To Teach English Speakers Klingon 





    Fri, 06/26/2015 - 18:39  

Will Note 5 Have Snapdragon 820 Or In-House Exynos 7442 Processor?  





    Fri, 06/26/2015 - 16:14  

Honor 6 Android 5.1 Update Approaching As Huawei Requests Beta Testers In France, UK And Germany  





Duolingo
Google Capital








Most Read


 










 



Reviews


4.0

Massive Chalice: Double Fine's New Strategy Game Is Rough But Worth Your Time 

 
3.0

Farming Simulator 2015 PS4 Review:  Literally As Fun As Watching Grass Grow 

 
5.0

The Witcher 3 Review: It's Worth Every Penny 

 
4.0

Bloodborne: The Love/Hate Relationship You've Been Looking For 








Top iDT Videos



 

Fallout Shelter Guide: Tips For Players Who Already Mastered The Basics 



 

Oculus Rift Hands-On Review: F*ck You Motion Sickness 



 

Complete List Of iOS 8.3 Compatible Jailbreak Tweaks For TaiG 2.1.2 Update On iPhone, iPad and iPod 



 

Best Agario Skins, Mods And More 


 







 





    About iDT
  
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Reprints and Permissions
Terms of Service
Self-Serve Advertising
 

  © 2015 IBT Media Inc. All rights reserved.
 



































 











iDigital Times 
Share this story






Next Story

 


















Xbox
PS4
Nintendo
PC
Mobile









Xbox One Elite Controller Hands-On: The Best Controller Since GameCube







Legend Of Zelda Hyrule Warriors Confirmed For 3DS With All DLC And More







Xbox One Backwards Compatibility Confirmed












Android
iOS
Desktop
Smart Home
Wearables









Where In The World Are The Samsung Galaxy S6 Quick Toggle Settings?







Android Wear For iOS Review: We Paired Our Moto 360 With An iPhone, Here Are The Results







Huawei Honor 7 Release Date June 30?












Television
Movies
Books
Photos
Trending









Jurassic World Review: All The Worst Stuff, An Exercise in Expectation Adjustment







NeonMob Brings Digital Art Collecting To The Masses







Tomorrowland NASA Liaison Bert Ulrich Tells Us How Science Fiction Inspires the Future



















 










