


How to Get Free Money Using Swagbucks and Ebates










































Home
Blog
Categories

What is Passive Income
Easy Money
Work From Home
Simply Make More Money
Using the Internet
Investing
Kids Making Money


Contact / Advertise
Privacy Policy
Great Passive Income IdeasMake More Money Than Just Your Paycheck!How to Get Free Money Fast Using Swagbucks and Ebates
June 24, 2015 by   








These days if you’re not getting free money for buying the things you were planning on buying anyways, then you’re really missing out!
I’m talking of course about online shopping rewards programs.  Similar to credit card rewards and airline mile programs, online shopping rewards are another extremely easy way to get cash and prizes simply for making your everyday natural purchases.
In particular there are two online rewards sites that I’d like to focus on: Swagsbucks and Ebates.
Although neither site actually sells anything themselves, they do network with thousands of online retailers and offer a multitude of good deals.
Here are a number of great tips and tricks for how to get free money fast from Swagbucks and Ebates.







 

Swagbucks is a free service that was started in 2008 and is now credited by Alexa as the 170th most visited site on the Internet.
There are a number of ways of get free stuff from Swagbucks:

You can buy literally ANYTHING on Amazon.  So before you make your next purchase of whatever you need, why not do it through Amazon and earn 4 Swagbucks points for every dollar you spend.  In a short amount of time you’ll accumulate the minimal 450 points you need to get your first $5 Amazon.com Gift Card.

Swagbucks works like any other search engine, if you log into your account everyday searching for items and products or information, you get points rewards. The more you search using your account, the more your points accumulates, you can redeem the points later on as cash or otherwise.

Once you log into your account via toolbar, you can take daily polls and win yourself 1 buck’s worth of points daily. These points are transferable to cash through free Amazon.com Gift cards.

If you are a new member, you need to log into your account and head to where they post trusted surveys. Complete anyone of the surveys and you get 100 points in every completed survey.

There is a chance to complete six surveys daily.  If you qualify for a survey, the owners of the survey may call you to go and give your opinion about their products. That opportunity could be worth up to $100 of cash or more.

You can earn points if you print coupons every day.  For every coupon redeemed, you get 12 Swagbucks points. All coupons redeemed from your account are credited every 12 weeks.

Whenever you refer your friends or loved ones, you are credited 150 free Swagbucks points immediately.

Wheel of Fortune.  Deal or No Deal.  Bejeweled.  If you like any of these games or playing apps on your portable device, then you also have the opportunity to build up your Swagbucks points account as you do.
 

Very similar to Swagbucks, Ebates is another wonderful shopping site that offers free money and rewards for literally everything you can buy under the sun.
The main way you earn points and rewards are to shop.  Search for literally store you can think of and they will have some sort of cash back percentage for you in their catalog of +1,200 partners.
On top of earning cash back, Ebates will also offer you multiple coupon codes to make the deals even sweeter.
You can also earn cash by referring your loved one or friends, for every sign up that happens through your promotional link, you get $5 provided he purchases the value of at least $20 onward. Sometimes they do have special offers where you can earn $30 for 3 new users or more.
Ebates pays you all accumulated cash back every quarter, they write a check and mail it to you.
Ebates does not offer quite as many opportunities to get free credits as Swagbucks does (such as through the games, surveys, questions, etc.)
However there is some advantage to signing up for both rewards programs.  Every time you can’t find a good deal on Swagbucks, you can then check Ebates and see if they offer you a better opportunity to get free money.
No matter which site you use they are both a great way to make some income on the side without really having to do nothing more than buy the things you were going to buy anyways!
 







Image courtesy of FreeDigitalPhotos.net.



More Great Ideas:
How Can I Make Money Fast – 34 Ideas for You to Try 
Your One Stop for the Top Paid Surveys for Money 
How to Make Money Online Free By Creating Websites 
How to Really Earn Money Online Without Investment 



  
Leave a Reply Cancel reply

 Required fields are marked  Name  
Email  
Website 
Comment  You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> 
 


you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment
 

 
 


 
Enter your email address...




Recent Posts
The Top Things to Sell on eBay and Make Some Extra MoneyHow to Get Free Money Fast Using Swagbucks and EbatesUsing Peer to Peer Lending Sites for the Best Personal Loans and Passive IncomeGetting the Best Cashback Credit Card Deals for Gas and GroceriesA Great Residual Income Formula Using BlogsWhat Are Some Good Online Residual Income Opportunities?How to Make Money Online Free By Creating WebsitesYour One Stop for the Top Paid Surveys for MoneyThe Definitive Guide to How to Start a Blog and Make Money From ItHow to Buy a Rental Property the Smart WayArchives
Archives

Select Month
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 February 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 

Bookmarks

Gajizmo
IRA vs 401k Central
Luke1428
MCI123
Money Mini Blog
My Life Insurance Quotes 123
StartABlog123.com
Suburban Finance


 
 

Affiliate Disclaimer

Your paycheck isn't the only way to make money! Check out our extensive list of great passive income ideas to start making cash on the side right away.
 
Great Passive Income Ideas is for entertainment and reference purposes only. The information presented is the opinion of the author only and should not be interpreted as specific advice or recommendations towards your financial situation.  Always consult with a true professional before making any financial decisions.
 
Great Passive Income Ideas may be compensated for our personal opinions, reviews, and affiliate relationships with some of the featured products and services. Google Adsense, Amazon Associates, and Clickbank are examples of such relationships. Such content, advertising space or posts may not always be identified as paid or sponsored content. All offers or claims are subject to change without notice and should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.
 


Copyright © 2015 · Magazine Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in









