 





















How to Use Twitter | Howcast









































Explore 




Style
Tech
Fitness
Home
Money & Education
Video Games


Food
Dance
Health
Parenting
Relationships
Arts


Everything on Howcast





Style
Tech
Fitness
Home
Money & Education
Video Games
Food
Dance
Health
Parenting
Relationships
Arts

Everything on Howcast



















Spice Up Your Resume And Get Hired With 3 Easy Tricks. 






Get What You Want Without Saying A Word. Watch This.






Trouble Falling Asleep? Never Again... Watch This.






Bad at Flirting? Change That With These Simple Tricks.






Follow This Tip To Find Out Who Likes You.






Stop Struggling To Achieve Your Dreams. Watch This.


 







Is Your Girlfriend Crazy? Find Out Here.






Add Thousands of Dollars to Your Home’s Value Now. 






Get Spiritually Renewed With Pot. Learn How Here.






Your Cellphone Could Be Killing You. Watch This Video.






If You Find Yourself at Gunpoint, Follow These Tips






Want That Promotion? Read Your Boss And Find Out How.


 







Read A Book In Half The Time. Learn Here.






Addicted To Tanning. It’s Real And You Can Stop It. 






Are You Short? Want To Be A Model? Find Out How.






Where to Go When Zombies Attack. #3 Will Shock You.






Babies Crying on a Plane? Put a Stop to it With These Simple Tricks.






Make The Best First Impression With This Easy Trick. 


 





















TechHow to Use Social MediaHow to Use Twitter 







How to Use Twitter








 

With Twitter you have the potential to reach millions of users instantly. Use it to issue public safety alerts, broadcast real-time news developments, inform constituents, or solicit feedback. It’s free and easy to use – here's how to get started.








Embed Code
<script height="422px" width="750px" src="http://player.ooyala.com/iframe.js#ec=NidjA5czpgLK00LJvR9lNfWXMqps65DP&pbid=5d8891bc445c4156a75933fbf4bcfc9a"></script>






Instructions







You will need



A computer with internet access
Mobile internet access
Texting capabilities




  Create an account. Go to Twitter.com and click the green ‘Get Started’ button to join. Enter your name, user name, password, and email address, and you’re good to go.

  Decide what you want to say. In general, Twitter messages, or ‘tweets,’ answer the question, ‘What are you doing right now?’ But you can also post a link, express an opinion or reaction, or pose a question.


Twitter keeps things short and sweet: Messages can be no longer than 140 characters.

  On the home page, type your message into the box at the top of the screen and hit ‘Update.’ Congratulations! You’ve posted your first tweet!


If your tweet is intended for one user in particular, type the ‘@’ symbol followed by that user’s screen name before the text of your message.

  Twitter is a two-way street. Now that you’ve posted your first update, choose people whose updates you want to follow. To search by name, click on ‘Find People’ in the upper right corner and then click the ‘Find on Twitter’ tab. You can follow individuals, like friends and colleagues, and groups, like news services, organizations, and nonprofits.


People may be listed under a screen name that doesn’t match their real name.

  Once you’ve found someone you want to hear from on Twitter, click ‘Follow,’ and you’ll receive their updates automatically. People you already know will often reciprocate and start following you, too.


If you have a Gmail, Yahoo, AOL, Hotmail, or MSN email account, you can import any contacts that also have a Twitter account. You can also invite someone via email, or scroll through a list of suggested people.

  To help people find you, fill in account information under ‘Settings,’ such as your location, real name, and a brief bio. You can also add the URL of your web site or blog if you have one.


If you want to restrict your Twitter updates to only those who follow you, check the box marked, ‘Protect my updates.’ You’ll maintain your privacy, but you’ll limit your reach. To get the full Twitter experience, leave the box unchecked.

  You don’t have to be online to use Twitter. No matter where you are, you can stay connected with your cell phone. On the ‘Devices’ tab under ‘Settings,’ enter your mobile number to receive and post Twitter updates via text message.


Twitter doesn’t charge for text messages, but your wireless provider might. Make sure you know the details of your messaging plan.

  On the ‘Picture’ and ‘Design’ tabs, customize how your profile appears to others by uploading photos and choosing background themes.

  See what people on Twitter are saying about subjects you’re interested in. At the bottom of any Twitter page, click ‘Search’ and type in a name or topic. Or, either below the search box or alongside search results, check out what’s generating the most buzz by browsing through ‘Trending topics.’

  You can post updates from the web in the update box, via text message, on your cell phone’s web browser using m.twitter.com, or from any third party application. Apps are available at twitter.com/downloads. The more updates you post, the more people will follow you. Now get tweeting!


President Barack Obama announced his selection of Joe Biden as his running mate simultaneously via text message, email, and Twitter.










Up next in 






How to Make a YouTube Video Using PowerPoint









How to Make a YouTube Video Easy to Find









How to Promote a YouTube Video






 

 

Comments












From The Web 

Explore More From Howcast






How to Tag Your Friends on Facebook








How to Use Twitter for Business








How to Rope Climb








How to Promote a YouTube Video










 




























GET THE HOWCAST NEWSLETTER




Sign Up






















About Us |                                                    FAQ |                                                    Terms Of Service |                                                    Privacy Policy |                                                    Contact |                                                    License our Content |                                                    Cakemade
















What are you looking to learn?

 




Search Howcast 


 







 







										Fitness									

Bodybuilding Secrets
3 how-tos









										Fitness									

Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
42 how-tos










										Money & Education									

Business Skills
13 how-tos









										Home									

Gardening Tips
27 how-tos



 
 







 
























































 








