 


Envato Remix - Design &  Win!


































Download our asset and incorporate itinto your own, original, creative design, and win some awesome prizes!
Download the asset









About Envato Remix

									We want you to download our asset and use/manipulate the image in order to create an entirely new, and original, piece of digital artwork. Post your work in the comments below by April 12 and we'll pick a winner!  
								
UPDATE: Contest is now OVER! Take a look at our official winners' announcement or see our highlights page.




How to Enter

Download our asset
Create a JPG image (with a width or height of 1200px) using the asset
Post your image as a comment on this page, below
One entry per person
You MUST complete our entry form to be eligible
Submit entry by April 12





Win Awesome Prizes


Grand Prize

$250 PayPal Prize
1-year subscription to Tuts+
$150 Envato Studio voucher
A “Won a Contest“ badge

Runner-up

$100 Envato Market credit
3-month subscription to Tuts+
$50 Envato Studio voucher

Third Place

$50 Envato Market credit
3-month subscription to Tuts+
20% discount Envato Studio voucher












Welcome to Envato Remix

									We're inviting our entire creative community from Envato Market, Envato Studio, and Tuts+ to participate in our Envato Remix design challenge! Simply create a brand new piece of digital art from the provided asset and win awesome prizes!

								


What We're Looking For
We want you to create a brand new, original piece of artwork based on the provided asset below. You can "remix" the asset as much or as little as you need. You could use and manipulate the image in a very extreme or unusual way, or you could do something subtle. Think about color, style, setting, and emotion. Maybe you're experimenting with your own illustrative or design style at the moment and want to experiment? There are no boundaries to your creativity. Just be creative!
Download the Asset and Start your Remix!

Download our asset, incorporate the asset into your design, and submit your newly created artwork! Here's what the asset looks like (available in .AI, .EPS, .PDF and .PNG format):
								


Vector illustration of Briany by Sharon Milne based on a photo by Josh Janssen

How to Enter

Use your best creative skills to create a unique piece of digital artwork that utilizes the available asset.
You may create/submit 1 maximum entry.
Your entry must be a JPG with a width or height of 1200px.
Before you enter, you must complete our registration form. This form will ask for your name, your Envato Market username (if you have one), and a valid PayPal email address. The email address must be the same one that you use to access your PayPal account.
Post your entries below in the comments area in our official contest post.
Entries must be submitted no later than midnight (CST/US) on Sunday, April 12, 2015.
See our full terms and conditions.

What can I win?
We have some amazing prizes up for grabs! A big thank you to our generous prize sponsors of this event: PayPal have very graciously donated $250 USD (deposited into your PayPal account) and we’ve also got Envato Market credit, some Tuts+ subscriptions, and Envato Studio vouchers to give away!
Judging
Envato staff will select and announce all winners on Friday, April 17, 2015 via the Envato Market blog. Judges will be looking for a combination of creativity, originality, and technical execution.
Terms & Conditions
We’re Envato - the promoter of this competition, please read our promo terms.

Now complete the entry form, create your artwork, then post your image in the comments below.
Good luck!























Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.





















