





Marketplace script, Etsy clone, Fiverr clone, Storeny clone, multi vendor script































Only for New Members




Become a Member Today








 
                 
                











Menu





Social Network Script



Marketplace Script



Digital Marketplace Script





Menu


Back


Login


Members


Products


Modules




Etsy Clone Script v 2.0
Etsy Clone Script v 1.5






Themes


Showcase


SEO



Contact





Login


Help




Support
What do you get with Getsy 2.0?
FREE MEMBERSHIP
Services
Getsy 2.0 Features
FAQ
License Types
Affiliate
Change Log
Server Requirements
Demo Getsy 2.0
What can Getsy be used for?
What makes our script different?
Mastercard Secured Code
Verified by Visa
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
NEWS










EUR





USD ($)


GBP (£)




























Take Getsy 2.0 and own Etsy clone website
Create your own marketplace today!
Install Etsy Clone, and in just a few minutes you can start selling!
Easy way to earn money!
Turn your hobby into profitable business!











Buy Now







We are glad to present you the Getsy Products
















View All Products






View Details






View Details






New Features for the Improved Etsy Clone php Script
We at Amexi work hard every day with main aim to provide to our clients the most innovative scripts in order to help them to grow up their businesses and to be successful more than ever. With the new features included in the best Etsy clone we are providing more options for better usability and management of every project.




Proffessional Marketplace Solution
Take the new version of the most successful marketplace based website with the improved Marketplace module. Our team developed it to serve you better and quicker. With the improved code the money making starts faster and easier with the enhanced quality of the essential tool. Satisfy the needs of your sellers and buyers -now the sales are concluded directly between them.




100% Responsive Design
Absolut new feature, developed for the newest version of our Etsy clone script. Your users may enjoy posting, selling and buying products in your site using any kind of smart device with this fully responsive unique design.  




Fully Optimized for Google SERP
Our marketplace etsy like script - Getsy 2.0, has been created to offer you a powerful built-in SEO tool. Every category has its own Meta tags – these are also in different languages! Every piece of content and products on your website will be indexed, allowing for more organic search traffic than ever before.




Improved Security and Scalability
As with many other features in the new version of our php marketplace script, we contacted our customers to find out how they think our security systems could be improved. Based on their http://corp-getsy.j.my32.eu/check-your-server-s-compatibilityfeedback, we’ve updated a lot of the components – making Getsy safer for both users and admins.




Multi-Currency and Language
With the new version of Getsy now you can have your  site translated into multiple languages, all from the admin control panel. Text phrases and pages translation is activated instantly after you press the Save button. Our website marketplace script can automatically capture prices, whenever they appear combined with a recognized currency symbol. The price is displayed in the upper right corner of each product, and is automatically converted into the currency of the user.




Multiple Payment Options
You’ll receive all standard notifications from their gateway, and your entire order history will remain visible in your admin panel. No payment data is stored in, or passed through your Etsy clone instead. We let PayPal do the number crunching, so we can focus on helping you to build up your business.



View All Features




Extend Getsy with additional modules
Here you can find valuable extensions for your marketplace script and all new modules developed to bring in your hands. Our professional tools for establishing successful business model are here.



Auction Website Builder
This is another new module which presents good opportunity for private seller to start your own auction website. Few other sites offer such an option due to the flow of the auction sale which difficult and costly for development. The php auction script works nice and smooth and is cost-effective for adding auction capability to your website by simply uploading the files required and enabling the installed module. 



Digital Marketplace Script
The Digital Marketplace module developed to deliver option for offering tangible products or files into marketplace based scripts. Have you ever desired expanding of your business and being among the early birds have all the selling options available on your website? Our Digital Marketplace script is here. Based on this revolutionary add-on, your vendors can now sell both tangible products and files all in the same marketplace!



Featured Items Module
This excellent monetization tool is useful to both - the site admin and his paying customers. Once installed, this module allows to the members of your website to purchase subscriptions for promotion their posts and products to the top of the home page. Any product which is featured appears at the top of the category page in which belongs. 



Geolocation Module
Having your Getsy website on the global network, users all over the world will be seeing it, literally from everywhere. Purchase and install our Geolocation module and your users will have opportunity to share their location through the browser and the system automatically resolve the location based on the visitor’s IP address in order to publish items in local currency and close to the visitor’s location. 



Power User Module
The Power user module offers an automated solution for charging user privileges and update permissions. Any user may select a suitable package and then pays for it via PayPal. As soon as the payment is confirmed – the user will be automatically upgraded to Power user status. The process is automated so no manual actions required during the whole process.


View All Modules




Getsy is a Business in a Box
With so many powerful tools, Getsy will allow you to start making money from Day One.
View all our products


















Pinterest Clone Script 4.0
The newest member of the Pintastic family. The best Pinterest clone script is with improved design and better code. Take improved virtual pinboard script to start your own social network with new possibilities for monetizing. Easy transformation in to social marketplace with the new added modules.


Pinterest Clone Script 3.5
The best selling Pinterest clone on the market. Transform your hobby or passion into profitable business easy and quick with the most popular pinboarding script. Just select your data, publish it in the site and share it world.


Trippy Clone Script
Is your passion travelling? Do you want to share your travel stories with the world? START your own Community-Driven site for tourism, travel any many more. PinMaps is the best Trippy Clone script on the market. Take it now!


Adult Script - Pornhub clone
PinPorn adult script is one of th newest Pintastic products. With the new black layout and different features your visitors will love it. Searching your favourite embed videos from internet never been so easy and pleasant!


Website Builder Script
Our Sitebuilder software is a website creator php script with easy to use drag and drop functionalities. Let your visitors create their own website, with no coding skills required.The menu is extremely user friendly created with main aim quick understanding and smooth building of the desired website.


WaNeLo Clone Script
Monetize your free time and create affiliate social network with the wanelo clone script. Share your ideas and fashion inspiration with other users. The present Pinterest based clone script is suitable for establishing communities of fashion designers, trendsetters and everybody whose hobby is the fashion industry.


Polyvore Clone Script
Are you a person addicted to the fashion? Turn your passion in to real business. Start making fashion trends with your own Polyvore clone script - Trickable. With very quick and user friendly interface the script is perfect for promoting clothes, accessories and many others.


Etsy Clone Script
Getsy 2.0 is fully responsive multi vendor marketplace script with great features for worldwide online business. The new improved design and code allow quicker and smooth way for presenting and selling products.


Themeforest Clone Script
Get the latest, now fully responsive Cloneforest script with fancy design and functionalities. Build your theme or digital products marketplace script, invite authors and earn commissions from their sales.











Newsletter


It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged.







Subscribe










Services


Affiliate


Server Requirements


Demo Getsy 1.15


Privacy Policy


Refund Policy


Terms & Conditions


FAQ


NEWS






© All Rights Reserved. Amexi Incorporated - Web Development Company.





To Top











