 



    
    Dirty Water Fridays @ The Greatest Bar Tickets, Boston
 | Eventbrite































































Invalid quantity.  Please enter a quantity of 1 or more.
The quantity you chose exceeds the quantity available.
Please enter your name.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address.
Please enter your message or comments.
Please enter the code as shown on the image.
Please select the date you would like to attend.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address in the To: field.
Please enter a subject for your message.
Please enter a message.
You can only send this invitations to 10 email addresses at a time.
$$$$ is not a properly formatted color.  Please use the format #RRGGBB for all colors.
Please limit your message to $$$$ characters. There are currently ££££.
$$$$ is not a valid email address.
Please enter a promotional code.
N/A
Sold Out

    Unavailable
    

You have exceeded the time limit and your reservation has been released.
    The purpose of this time limit is to ensure that registration is available to as many people as possible.  We apologize for the inconvenience.
This option is not available anymore. Please choose a different option.
Please read and accept the waiver.
All fields marked with * are required.
Please double check your email address.  The email address format does not appear valid.
$$$$ requires a number between ££££ and §§§§
US Zipcodes need to be 5 digits.
Postal code may contain no more than 9 letter or number characters.
Please double check your website URL.
All fields marked with * are required.
Your card expiration date is in the past.
Your card CSC needs to be 4 digits.
Please confirm your order:$$$$You have selected to Pay by Check.Click OK to confirm your order.
Please confirm your order:$$$$You have selected to Pay at the Door.Click OK to confirm your order.
Please confirm your order: $$$$You have selected to Pay upon Receiving an Invoice.Click OK to confirm your order.
Your card CSC needs to be 3 digits.
Sofort is only available in Germany and Austria.
Boleto Bancario is only available in Brazil.
Please enter a valid IBAN number.
You need to accept to charge your bank account.
Your billing zip code needs to be 5 digits.
Please double check your CEP info.  The CEP format should be something like 12345-678.
There was a problem saving your address.
There was a problem saving your card info.
There was a problem saving your personal information.
Please select the date you would like to attend.
McAfee Secure sites help keep you safe from identity theft, card fraud, spyware, spam, viruses and online scams.
Copying Prohibited by Law - McAfee Secure is a Trademark of McAfee, Inc.
Unknown card type.
No card number provided.
card number is in invalid format.
Wrong card type or card number is invalid.
card number has an inappropriate number of digits.
Please enter numbers here.
Please enter an integer value.
Numbers must be less or equal to $$$$
All the required fields have not been filled out.  Click OK to proceed without all the required information, or click Cancel to finish entering the missing data.
Please enter a donation amount.
Please select an attendee for donation.
There is currently an issue with card submission on Safari with iOS7.  Please try again with a different browser or device.
Sorry, invalid event registration form.
Sorry, invalid event or database error.
Sorry, quantity must be a positive integer.
Sorry, you did not select a valid ticket.
Sorry, invalid event organizer email address.
Your order was canceled.
Thank You. Your order has been successfully completed. Your name and email address have been added to the list of event attendees.
Sorry, that option is sold out.
Sorry, that option is no longer available.
Sorry, there are only 600 tickets of that type still available.
Sorry, you entered an invalid quantity. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase.
Sorry, you did not select any tickets to purchase. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase.

    Sorry, there are no tickets left for this event.
The tickets, ticket quantity or date and time you've requested are no longer available, due to previous sales. Please choose a different date, time or number of tickets and place your order again.
Sorry, one or more of the tickets you requested are no longer available for purchase.
Sorry, you need to select the date you want to attend.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered is not valid yet.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered has expired.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered is not valid.
Your session has expired.  Try ordering again.
Sorry, your requested ticket quantity exceeds the number provided by your promotional code.
Sorry, you need to enable javascript to place an order.How do I enable JavaScript on my computer?
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.

    Sorry, there is only 1 ticket left for this event.

    Sorry, there are only 600 tickets left for this event.


We're sorry, this invitation is invalid.
We're sorry, this invitation has already been used.
We're sorry, you already have an order being processed for this event. Please wait a few minutes and try again.
We're sorry, there is a problem with your invitation. Please try again.
Invalid quantity of tickets selected.
Invalid donation amount.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered has been claimed.
The payment was cancelled.
The payment was declined by the bank.
The payment failed.
The payment expired.
Bummer! This team is full. Please join a different team.
Sorry, the tickets you've selected are no longer available.
We couldn't process your order because you have this event open on multiple tabs in your browser. Please try again with only one browser tab open.
Based on the quantity selected we are unable to seat your group together. Please try a smaller quantity.
Your browser does not support picking your own seat. Please select a quantity and the best available seats will be assigned to you.
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, your billing address was not saved properly, please try again.
Sorry, we experienced an internal error, please try again.
The captcha you entered is invalid. Please try again.
Invalid card selected. You have been logged out.
Sorry, your team selection was not valid.
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, your billing address was not saved properly, please try again.
Sorry, we experienced an internal error, please try again.
Please double check your email address.  The email address format does not appear valid.
State
Zip Code
Province
Postal Code
County
County
State/Territory
State/Province


Skip Main Navigation
















Search for events











change the location of your search











                    Browse Events
                



Sign up
Log in

Help 



                                How it works
                                


                                What does it cost to create an event?
                                


                                Where are my tickets?
                                


                                How to contact the event organizer
                                



                                Help Center 






Create Event







Page Content






















                                        The Greatest Bar
                                    



Boston, MA


































    Available Dates
        
Select a date...

                    Friday, July 3, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, July 4, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, July 10, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, July 11, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, July 17, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, July 18, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, July 24, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, July 25, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, July 31, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, August 1, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, August 7, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, August 8, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, August 14, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, August 15, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, August 21, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, August 22, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, August 28, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, August 29, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, September 4, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, September 5, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, September 11, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, September 12, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, September 18, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, September 19, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                

                    Friday, September 25, 2015 at 9:00 PM - Saturday, September 26, 2015 at 2:00 AM 
                



Ticket Information






        Ticket Type

Sales End

    Price

Fee
Quantity




        Ladies FREE B4 10:00 with Ticket

                    Ladies present this ticket at the cashier for FREE entry before 10. Management reserves the right to refuse admission. 21+


            3 hours before event ends
        




            
       Free

    

            
        $0.00

    

Ticket Quantity Select

0






        Line Jumper

                    Present this ticket at the door to jump the line. Management reserves the right to refuse admission. 21+


            3 hours before event ends
        




            
       $10.00

    

            
        $1.54

    

Ticket Quantity Select

0






Enter promotional code


            If you have a promotional code, enter it here:
              
            







 























 







Share Dirty Water Fridays @ The Greatest Bar















                        Event Details
                





                Have questions about Dirty Water Fridays @ The Greatest Bar? 
                
                    Contact The Greatest Bar
                






Save This Event




Save This Event

Log in or sign up for Eventbrite to save events you're interested in.


                Sign Up
            

Already have an account? Log in



Event Saved









                                        When & Where
                                    





The Greatest Bar
                262 Friend St 
                Boston, 
                MA 02114








 Add to my calendar


 Outlook Calendar


 Google Calendar


 Yahoo! Calendar


 iCal Calendar





Organizer


The Greatest Bar





                        View organizer profile
                    




                            facebook.com/TheGreatestBarBoston
                        



                            TheGreatestbar
                        

 




                            upcoming event on Eventbrite
                        




                            past events on Eventbrite
                        


 
 








 


 
 


            More events from The Greatest Bar
            













Fri, Jul 3
9:00 PM

2015-07-04T01:00:00Z







                    Dirty Water Fridays @ The Greatest Bar
                


























                    Contact Organizer
                







                    Your message has been sent!
                










                        Your Name
                    






                        Email Address
                    






                        Message
                    
















                            Your email will only be seen by the event organizer.
                        

Find out more about how your privacy is protected.












                    Cancel
                





                    Close
                






Eventbrite

          Use Eventbrite for event ticketing and online registration



About
Terms
Privacy
Help Center
Cookie Policy




            Already registered?
            Get your tickets

                Questions?
                
                    Contact the organizer
                






Please log in or sign up


In order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an Eventbrite account. Log in or sign up for a free account to continue.
























































