

















Hou Ji | Chinese mythology | Britannica.com





















Help
School & Library Products

SHOP






Activate Your Free Trial!









Popular Topics
quizzes
galleries
lists
Dictionary


















Article


Web sites








View History

Edit


Feedback



Alternate title: 
        Hou Chi





, Wade-Giles romanization, 
    in Chinese mythology, Lord of Millet Grains, who was worshipped for the abundant harvests that he graciously provided for his people. The Chinese honoured him not only for past favours but in the hope that devotion to the deity would guarantee continued blessings. An old tradition explained that Hou Ji was miraculously conceived when his childless mother stepped on the toeprint of a god. The child, reared in a forest by birds and animals, served as minister of agriculture in prehistoric times. Sacrifices in his honour were offered by rulers of the Xia dynasty (22nd–19th/18th century ) and of the later Zhou dynasty (600–255 ), which claimed him as their ancestor.

























You may also be interested in...

Huangdi
Guandi
Chang'e
Yao
Caishen
Kuei Xing
Pan Gu
Fu Xi
Nu Gua
Xiwangmu
Zao Shen
Shennong


Keep exploring




Famous Authors




Destination Asia: Fact or Fiction?




Exploring China: Fact or Fiction?




Spies Like Us: 10 Famous Names in the Espionage Game




7 Quintessential National-Spelling-Bee-Winning Words




             What made you want to look up Hou Ji?
         





To
From
Subject
Comments
(Please limit to 900 characters)


Cancel













































See More...



























See More...








About Us
About Our Ads
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

        ©2015 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
    


MLA style:
"Hou Ji". Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica Online.Encyclopædia Britannica Inc., 2015. Web. 27 Jun. 2015<>.
APA style:
Hou Ji. (2015). In Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved from 
Harvard style:
Hou Ji. 2015. Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 27 June, 2015, from 
Chicago Manual of Style:
Encyclopædia Britannica Online, s. v. "Hou Ji", accessed June 27, 2015, .


        While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies.
        Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions.
    




Update
Link




            Click anywhere inside the article to add text or insert superscripts, subscripts, and special characters.
            You can also highlight a section and use the tools in this bar to modify existing content:

            













            Add links to related Britannica articles!
            
                    You can double-click any word or highlight a word or phrase in the text below and then select an article from the search box.
                    Or, simply highlight a word or phrase in the article, then enter the article name or term you'd like to link to in the search box below, and select from the list of results.
                







Note: we do not allow links to external resources in editor.
                    Please click the Web sites link for this article to add citations for
                    external Web sites.
                




Editing Tools:

Tips for Editing






Leave Edit Mode
Submit




    We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles.
    You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind:

Encyclopaedia Britannica articles are written in a neutral, objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are best.)

    Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.




Submit an external link
Submit a publication




Name
URL
Description
I agree to the Terms and Conditions








Search for an ISBN number:
ISBN
Or enter the publication information:
Author Name
Publication Title
Date
Editor
I agree to the Terms and Conditions










MEDIA FOR:
Hou Ji

























Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email




To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Or click Continue to submit anonymously:
Continue
























