




                    Freshplum takes data-driven approach to online pricing            

























































































MediaFile









Freshplum takes data-driven approach to online pricing

By Mauro Whiteman
June 26, 2012



Tags: analytics | digital commerce | Freshplum | Google Ventures | venture capital 
Palo Alto start-up Freshplum hopes to take the guesswork out of digital commerce by using analytics software, data science and math to help companies make decisions like how to price merchandise.  
After a month under wraps, Freshplum announced Tuesday that it has raised $1.4 million in seed funding from New Enterprise Associates, Greylock Partners, Google Ventures and Charles River Ventures, as well as a number of current and former executives from Facebook, Google and PayPal.
The company was co-founded by Sam Odio, who formerly worked at Facebook after his photo-sharing start-up Divvyshot was acquired by the social networking giant. The other co-founders are Nick Alexander and Michael Yuan.
Freshplum will target small- to medium-sized online sellers with revenue but without the time to hire an analytics team. Odio said Freshplum will be able to handle data analysis for these businesses.
“Selling goods and services online continues to be more art than science,” said Odio. “Eighty-two percent of the companies we talk to price their products on a ‘hunch’ because they lack the tools necessary to dive deep into the data.”








                                          « Previous Post
                        
                
AOL expected to dole out patent money in buyback- report 



                                          Next Post »
                                    
Brad Feld’s four ingredients for thriving startup cities 




















No comments so far












We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of Reuters. For more information on our comment policy, see http://blogs.reuters.com/fulldisclosure/2010/09/27/toward-a-more-thoughtful-conversation-on-stories/













Author Profile

Mauro Whiteman



Any opinions expressed here are the author's own.


 




Reuters Analysis & Opinion  Hugo Dixon: Tsipras gambles Greece By Hugo Dixon  What did the Supreme Court actually say about gay marriage? By Lena Masri  Lieff: Professional objectors are a scourge but settling isn’t unethical By Alison Frankel  WeWork stretches sharing-economy valuations By Antony Currie  Supreme Court slices Wall Street some wedding cake By Reynolds Holding



 



 



More Reuters News  Saturday, 27 June 2015, 5:57 pm Kuwait arrests suspects in mosque attack, mourns dead  Saturday, 27 June 2015, 5:21 pm Disputes linger as Iran, powers push for nuclear deal: France  Saturday, 27 June 2015, 5:20 pm New York manhunt for prison escapee heats up after accomplice killed  Saturday, 27 June 2015, 5:11 pm Kurds secure Syria's Kobani as Islamic State targets northeast  Saturday, 27 June 2015, 4:07 pm European tour operators evacuate thousands of tourists from Tunisia



 



 






































