



Gaana – Unlimited Bollywood, English, Hindi and Indian Regional music, songs & radio for Free on the App Store on iTunes
































Search apple.com













OverviewMusicVideoCharts










iTunes
iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection.

        We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app Gaana – Unlimited Bollywood, English, Hindi and Indian Regional music, songs & radio for Free by Times Internet Limited, get iTunes now.          
      

Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.





iTunes for Mac + PC









Gaana – Unlimited Bollywood, English, Hindi and Indian Regional music, songs & radio for Free
By Times Internet Limited


View More by This Developer

Open iTunes to buy and download apps.




      
      Description
    
Gaana: Bollywood & Hindi SongsGaana offers you free, unlimited access to all your favorite Songs, Bollywood Music, Radio Mirchi - on your mobile phone, no matter where you are. Brought to you by India’s largest online music broadcasting service - Gaana.comAlong with our collection of New Hindi Songs to Old Classics, you can enjoy millions of Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Kannada, Punjabi, Malayalam, Bhojpuri, Rajasthani, Bengali, Assamese, Oriya & many more regional songs absolutely free! If you're still looking for more options, try our discover section and listen to different playlists; Romantic Hits, Sad Songs, Bhangra, Devotional, Rock, Bhajans & Ghazals. You can also play Gaana Online Radio for an endless stream of your favorite songs.What’s more, now you can start humming the songs along with their lyrics.Gaana app features: + Access to over 3 million songs + Thousands of playlists created by Experts and Users + Save your favorite songs, playlists, albums and artists in ‘My Zone’+ Listen to Non-stop Radio & also 5 Radio Mirchi stations.+ Music updated daily for Hindi, English, Tamil, Telugu, Bhojpuri and other regional languages+ Dedicated sections for Top Songs, Ghazals, Romantic Songs, Bhajans, Dance Songs + Enjoy Lyrics of your favorite songs Gaana plus features:+ Download songs for offline listening+ Listen to music in high quality audio+ Enjoy Lyrics of your favorite songs + Ad free interfaceSubscribe to Gaana Plus for $1.99 per month (within India) or $3.99 per month (outside India)  Your Gaana Plus subscription will automatically renew each month and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings.Subscriber's automatic renewal feature: Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your iTunes account will automatically be charged at the same price for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current monthly period unless you change your subscription preferences in your account settings. You can manage your subscriptions through your Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.Please go to http://gaana.com/privacy_policy.html and http://gaana.com/terms_and_conditions.html for more information.We’d love to hear from you. Want a specific feature added? Can’t find the song you are looking for? Write to us and we’ll help you as best we can!Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/gaana.comFollow us on Twitter: twitter.com/gaanaSend Feedback: feedback@gaana.comAll content available on this application is legitimate and duly licensed to the publisher* for use.*Publisher - Times Internet (The Times of India Group)

Times Internet Limited Web SiteGaana – Unlimited Bollywood, English, Hindi and Indian Regional music, songs & radio for Free Support


      
      What's New in Version 5.0.3
    
This release makes Gaana even more awesome ! We bring:- A fresh new collection of Gaana Radios.- New Shuffle implementation and improved queue - Shuffle logic is improved and queue keeps itself updated as you go playing next songs.  - Improved Search – It’s faster, smarter and remembers your past searches.- What’s Trending – Find out what others are searching and discover new music.



iPhone Screenshot




Customer Reviews







    How you feel if you drive a car which is good looking and has tons of feature but fails to start or stops abruptly.Same with this app.Many songs you narrow down and they get skipped.Songs do not show the play time minutes. So no way to skip. Which song currently playing is a nightmare.And when multiple songs get skipped, you are pretty much chasing around to find out which one is playing.Other odd thing is, sometime you out a keyword in search and no song is listed in under songs tabs but under album or playlist tab, picking a album or playlist shows multiple songs underneath.Try "best of arijit" keyword and you can experience same.Finally, biggest issue is one should be able to go back when navigating but one wrong click and you get lost.If you minimize app and come back later, all the session is lost and search keywords are also not remembered.With all bad things,What I like is, if you search the resultant songs play one after another, search brings rich collection of DJ or remix songs which are very good.If basic things get fixed, it can be a very good app and may be I can be a paid customer.But not at all right now.
  








    The app crashes way too often. I think it mostly happens when the advertisement is trying to load. Then it doesn't work for several days. Happening more often of late. I've been using this app for more than 6 months. Also, having heard it so much, I realize that songs are being repeated a lot on the radio (purani jeans). Another thing is, I'm always logged in in the app. When I went to the website, it doesn't let me log in. Says my account is locked due to more than 5 failed attempts! I haven't tried to even fail. When I try to reset my password through the website, it doesn't recognize the captcha and hence I can't reset it. There is no option in the app either to change password. I'm stuck!!
  








    Update June 19I used to think we finally have a great app for Indian listening.. used to love this app until they made the sound quality terrible. I purchased their premium subscription and play all my content on 'high definition' audio quality.  Even on this, the quality is pathetic. Like most other services, this app is going to fail...the owners seem to have gone greedy and saving costs. I am so glad I came across this app. Earlier I used hungama or saavn - somehow I didn't like the sound quality or the interface. I listen to Bollywood music, whatever song I'm looking for, I find it in this app. Sound plays in high quality, and gaana has a great collection of playlists. Plus, I love the spotify-like interface, it's easy to use. I'd highly recommend this app - it's worth taking a premium subscription. Notes to the developers: I would love if the app continues to play music seamlessly, many times it pauses unexpectedly ( but the play icon is still on, showing that the music is playing ), and the scrubber doesn't proceed.
  




Customers Also Bought





Music





Music





Music





Music





Music









22.6 MBEnglish© Times Internet LimitedRated 4+


Customer Ratings
Current Version:


All Versions:





      
      Top In-App Purchases

    




      
      More iPhone Apps by Times Internet Limited
    




BoxTV – Free Bollywood Movies, Hollywood & TV Shows






Astrology, Horoscope & Numerology by Astrospeak






Aura Radio -  Hindi Devotional, Relaxing, Motivational, Bhajans, Aarti, Chalisa, Spiritual, Yoga Music & Songs






The Times of India














Discover and share new apps.
Follow us on @AppStore.


Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.

Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love.




Home
iTunes



iTunes

Download iTunes
Features
iTunes Charts



More iTunes

Digital Music Basics
iTunes Gifts
iTunes U
iPod + iTunes Support
AirPlay
Accessibility



Working with iTunes

Overview
Sell Your Content
Enhance Your Content
Market with iTunes
Link to iTunes



iTunes Store

Browse iTunes Store
Browse App Store
Buy Music Now
Buy iTunes Gift Cards
Redeem iTunes Gift Cards
iTunes Corporate Sales
Free Single of the Week







 visit an Apple Retail Store, or find a reseller.

Apple Info
Site Map
Hot News
RSS Feeds
Contact Us




Copyright © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







