











Geekatoo Raises $1.7M in Seed Funding to End Tech Troubles 
































































											United States
										



United Kingdom


United States


France











Front Page


Arts


Business


Education


Environment


Government


Industry


Lifestyle


Sports


Tech

OtherAutomotiveComputerEventsHealthHome and Family
Legal / LawMediaMiscellaneousOpinion / EditorialPodcasting
ScienceSociety 
















RSS


E-mail Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site












Geekatoo Raises $1.7M in Seed Funding to End Tech Troubles 
Geekatoo, a nationwide platform for in-home tech support, is announcing that it has raised $1.7 million in seed funding from top Silicon Valley investors. Geekatoo will rely on SEO, SEM, and partnerships to drive massive growth. 










Walnut Creek, California (PRWEB) August 01, 2014  Geekatoo, a nationwide platform for in-home tech support, is announcing that it has raised $1.7 million in seed funding. Notable investors in the seed round included Eric Ries, author of The Lean Startup, along with Dave McClure. Parker Thompson from 500 Startups and Mikihiro Yasuda of DeNA also invested in the round.
The electronics repair market is massive, yet has always lagged behind in offering fast, affordable tech repairs and support. Geekatoo is armed with a national network of over 4,900 highly qualified geeks, in major cities and small towns alike. Geekatoo assigns almost all customer job requests to a local geek within one hour, and promises fixed pricing, on-site tech support within 24-48 hours. Services offered through the platform range from computer repair to TV mount installation, and anything in between.
With the most recent funding, Geekatoo plans to expand to Japan by the end of August, and to Canada by the end of the year. Geekatoo will rely on SEO, SEM, and partnerships to drive massive growth. “We expect that partnerships will be huge for us, as we can help anyone who needs a nationwide network of quality in-home technicians, from online e-retailers to hardware manufacturers who are trying to solve the last-mile customer support,” said Kevin Davis, CEO and co-founder of Geekatoo.
As every person is on average estimated to own 5 electronic internet devices by 2017, the $20 billion electronics repair market will continue to thrive. Geekatoo is well-positioned to capture a significant share of the space with its quick, affordable, and efficient support platform.
About Geekatoo
Geekatoo is a nationwide platform for in-home tech support based in Walnut Creek, California. With a national network of over 4,900 certified geeks in both major cities and small towns alike, Geekatoo offers a convenient marketplace where electronic repair pros and people in need of their services can quickly get matched up with each other. For more information, please visit http://www.geekatoo.com.














                                        Contact
                                    



Nihar Suthar

Geekatoo 
+1 (717) 437-3826
Email





@geekatoo

since: 02/2011


														Follow
													




Geekatoo

since: 03/2011


														Like
													


											Follow us on:
											






Please visit our website








PRWeb Home


News Center





We're here to help.
Call 1-866-640-6397



Twitter


LinkedIn


Facebook


Google







Why PRWeb


How It Works


Who Uses It


Pricing


Learning


Blog




About Vocus


Contact Us


Partners



											Subscribe to News


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Copyright


Site Map





















©Copyright 1997-, Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC.
                    Vocus, PRWeb, and Publicity Wire are trademarks or registered trademarks of Vocus, Inc. or Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC.
















