 




GinzaMetrics helps marketers get more bang for their social buck | CIO




































































































Trending
Big Data
Careers
Cloud
Consumer Tech
Project Management
IT Strategy
Mobile
Social Media
Security
Resources/White Papers















Most read 

Louisiana governor vetoes license plate reader legislation
Apple hears Taylor Swift, to pay artists during free music trial
How encryption keys could be stolen by your lunch
iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Heavy metal! Fingerprints! A kinda-sorta-maybe release date!
Taylor Swift takes issue with Apple Music free trial in open letter
Taylor Swift slams Apple for not paying artists during Apple Music trial













Search







Search for



Suggestions for you



Insider email 





Big Data

Careers/Staffing

Cloud Computing

Consumer Technology

Consumerization of IT

Developers

Enterprise Software

Government

Hardware

Healthcare

IT Industry

IT Strategy

All IT Strategy
CIO Role
CMO Role
IT Organization
Innovation
Leadership/Management
Outsourcing


Infrastructure

All Infrastructure
Data Center
Networking
Storage
Virtualization


Insider

Internet

All Internet
Online Marketing


Mobile

All Mobile
Mobile Application Management (MAM)
Mobile Apps
Mobile Device Management (MDM)
Smartphones
Tablets
Wearable Technology


Operating Systems

All Operating Systems
Apple OS
Google OS
Linux
Windows


Security

All Security
Cybercrime
Disaster Recovery
Malware
Regulatory Compliance
Security Privacy


Social Media

All Social Media
Facebook
Google +
LinkedIn
Social Enterprise
Twitter




Contact Us


		Magazine 
		


Subscription Services
Subscribe
Archive


News
Opinion
Resources
Slideshows
Video

More 

More
CIO Executive Council
Events
IT Jobs
Newsletters
RSS


Blogs























News
GinzaMetrics helps marketers get more bang for their social buck





More like this




10 Cool Marketing Automation Startups to Watch





10 Simple-to-Use Social Media Monitoring and Analytics Tools





 SEO and SEM Predictions and Tips for 2015




on IDG Answers



How can Convert OST file data into PST file formats?















  






















































Email a friend


To

Use commas to separate multiple email addresses




From
















		     





Privacy Policy




Thank you
Your message has been sent.



Sorry
There was an error emailing this page.







				
				
					
				
















By 


Follow








 













Data Center
Marketing
Business Intelligence (BI)
Software as a Service (SaaS)




Hard on the heels of its Competitor Discovery tool last month, GinzaMetrics has unveiled a new set of tools that aims to help marketers understand the impact of their social-media efforts.Its Social Intelligence Suite can reveal how social channels are contributing to revenue and other goals so brands can better plan how to use them for marketing. The suite has four tools, focused on marketing channel performance, the competitor social landscape, content insights and social engagement analytics.The Marketing Channel Performance chart compares the performance of social media with that of other marketing channels—paid search or advertising, for example. Users can see metrics such as what percentage of content traffic is coming from social channels—broken down by brand, campaign or keyword groups—as well as which social channels are contributing to content traffic by volume, revenue and conversions.Also visible are data revealing the differences across different types of devices. The tool can show traffic on a daily, weekly or monthly basis to compare visitors and page views over time.The Competitor Social Landscape tool, meanwhile, lets users see how they’re faring relative to competitors across major social channels. Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Pinterest, Instagram and Slideshare are among the sites it tracks.With Content Insights, marketers can track conversions back to specific content and social channels, allowing them to quantify in terms of revenue the success of social-media efforts by campaign, content, keyword group and content group.Finally, the Social Engagements tool is designed to give marketers a detailed view of exactly what content was shared on which channel, including metrics such as shares, likes, clicks, +1s and tweets at the individual content level, as well as changes over time.The ultimate goal of all these tools, of course, is to help brands focus their messages and content on the right social-media channel at the right time for maximum effect.The Social Intelligence Suite is part of GinzaMetrics’ software-as-a-service platform, which starts at $1,000 per month.




Data Center
Marketing
Business Intelligence (BI)
Software as a Service (SaaS)






Katherine Noyes — 

Katherine Noyes has been an ardent geek ever since she first conquered Pyramid of Doom on an ancient TRS-80. Today she covers enterprise software in all its forms, with an emphasis on Linux and open source software. 





























 
Insider Resume Makeover: How to add flavor to a bland resume

View 



You Might Like








Join the discussion
Our Commenting Policies















Popular On CIO.com
Resume Makeover: The Power of a Success Story
Donald Burns discusses how to change your resume to include moments of success rather than a list of...


Challenges in IT hiring: Diana Bersohn, Accenture Strategy



6 things Samsung Galaxy S6 does that iPhone 6 can't





Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter   Go 



4 things iPhone 6 does that Samsung Galaxy S6 can't
The Apple iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S6 are two of the hottest smartphones available, but each has its...



Galaxy S6 features not found on iPhone 6
CIO.com's Al Sacco shows off some hardware and software features on the new Samsung Galaxy S6 that...




BrandPostLearn more





 Microsoft
Solving the Unstructured Data Challenge


 PC Connection
Remove the Guesswork





 Worksoft
Embrace Digital Risk





 PLEX
For Real-Time Decision-Making, Manufacturers Are Thinking Mobile












    
    
    Resources
    
    







White Paper

5 Ways Private PaaS Helps IT to Support Digital Business Growth








White Paper

7 Critical Questions to Demystify DRaaS



Video/Webcast

Big Data Impacts on Hybrid Infrastructure and Management








White Paper

Buyer's Guide: Enterprise Platform as a Service (PaaS)








Case Study

Content Management with an 81% ROI








Go







Featured Stories

Digital marketers look for behavioral triggers
Behavioral triggers let marketers identify your recent Web activity to strike while the iron (and your...






Court wants to search Facebook for porn data

A Dutch court won't take Facebook's word it has deleted data that could identify the person behind a...






Does marketing, sales or engineering drive you?

Most tech companies are engineering-driven.  However, some, like Oracle, are sales-driven and yet...






The 5 best Android and iOS apps of summer 2015

These five Android and iOS apps, for creating compelling media, scanning and digitizing documents,...










Sponsored Links



		TrackVia - Custom, Low-code Manufacturing Apps. Free 30-day Trial!
	

















Feature
News
News Analysis
Opinion
Slideshows
Videos




Sign up for Newsletters
Sign up for Insider
Subscribe to the Magazine







About CIO
Ad Choices
Advertising
Careers at IDG
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Subscription Services






Copyright © 1994 - 2015 CXO Media Inc. a subsidiary of IDG Enterprise


Explore the IDG Network descend

CFOworld
CIO
CITEworld
Computerworld
CSO
DEMO
Fritterati
Greenbot
IDC
IDG
IDG Answers
IDG Connect
IDG Knowledge Hub
IDG TechNetwork
IDG.TV
IDG Ventures
InfoWorld
IT News
ITwhitepapers
ITworld
JavaWorld
LinuxWorld
Macworld
Network World
PC World
TechHive
















This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »













































































