































Giphy Is the Best GIF Search Engine on the Web



















 









About.com


Food


Health


Home


Money


Style


Tech


Travel



									More
									





Autos


Dating & Relationships


Education


Entertainment


en Español


Careers


News & Issues


Parenting


Religion & Spirituality


Sports








Videos








 


 












 





 










Share













 










Pin













 








 
 










Tweet













 










Submit













 










Stumble













 










Post













 










Share













 

 













 
 


 
 


 
 


. . .



 
 


 
 


Giphy Is the Best GIF Search Engine on the Web
Find the Best Animated GIFs According to Categories, Reactions and More










		                	Trends Expert
 







 










Share













 










Pin













 








 
 










Tweet













 










Submit













 










Stumble













 










Post













 










Share













 

 












Sign Up for our Free Newsletters
Thanks, You're in!




















You might also enjoy:














Sign up


There was an error. Please try again.
Please select a newsletter.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?


            Thank you,,for signing up!
		


 
Trends Categories



 Going Viral 
 
 Social 
 
 Mobile Web 
 
 Websites & 
 
 Location 
 
 Cloud 
 
 Internet 
 
 Internet 
 
 Image 
 
 Video 
 
 Evolution of the 
 
 Working on the 
 
 eBiz & Online 
 
 Web Safety & 
 
 Glossary / 
 
 
 
 Viral Trends: Staying On Top of Popular Trends 
 
 The Social Web: Interacting and Sharing Stuff with Others on the 
 
 The Mobile Web: Exploring the Internet on Your Mobile 
  
				Updated Articles and Resources 
 

 















With animated GIFs being shared at such an increasing rate all over social media, you have to wonder where everyone is getting them from. Some kind of GIF search engine or something?That's precisely true! Giphy is the ultimate search engine specifically made for helping you find GIFs. And even though there are lots of different places you can look to find great GIFs, Giphy has quickly grown into arguably the best resource out there.



How Giphy WorksGiphy collects great GIF content based on popular GIFs and search terms across the web, then organizes it so users can easily find the ones they need. Giphy also features GIFs from favorite talented artists and brand partners.On the front page of their website, you should see a huge search bar with a bunch of GIFs underneath it. These are featured trending GIFs that are popular at the moment, and you an roll your mouse over any of them to trigger it to start playing.How to Start Your GIF SearchIf you've already got a keyword or a hashtag or a search term in mind, the fastest way to get results would be to use the big search bar on Giphy, just like how you would use Google to search for something, in order to find some results. The search bar has auto-complete functionality to suggest related terms to whatever you started typing.On the other hand, if you're not entirely sure about a specific keyword or search term to plug into the search bar, instead you can browse through the menu options listed right above the search bar.

 Here's what you'll find:Reactions: Lots of people use GIFs to represent their reactions to something online, and these are commonly referred to as reaction GIFs. This section shows popular GIFs that perfectly capture the emotional reaction you're trying to communicate, like an eye roll, an LOL moment, a shrug or a facepalm.Categories: Sometimes it's not a reaction you're looking for. Maybe you need a GIF of a specific celebrity or a favorite TV show you love to watch. You can use the categories page to look through collections of GIFs organized by these types of themes.Artists: The artists page is where Giphy features its most beloved creative artists who specifically draw and animate GIF content. You can find a lot of drawings, cartoons, computer animations and graphic design content in this section.Hot 100: This section is a special page for Giphy's top 100 most popular GIFs. These are the GIFs that are currently getting the most action most likely in terms of being shared all over the place online.Favorites: Giphy gives you the opportunity to connect your Facebook account so you can save specific GIFs as your favorites. This is a handy tool if you're interested in building up a collection, or need to save certain GIFs to come back to and use later.Sharing GIFs from GiphyLucky for you, Giphy has made it super easy to be able to share any GIF online -- particularly on social media. Click on any GIF message to be taken to its page, and you should see a number of sharing options beneath it.Facebook: Click the Facebook button to automatically post it to Facebook.Twitter: Click the Twitter button to automatically share it in a tweet.Embed: Click the Embed button to grab the piece of code you can use to easily embed the GIF into any blog or website.Shorten: You can use this to paste the URL of any GIF image and have it turned into a shorter version for easier and cleaner sharing.Link icon: Click the link icon to automatically copy the link.On the side, you'll see some related GIFs to the one you're currently viewing. At the bottom, a short list of hashtags is available, which you can click on to explore even more related GIFs.If you need to know the details about any GIF, you can find more information about it at the very bottom of the page, including its source, dimensions, size and number of frames used.To start creating your own GIFs easily in just minutes, check out this list of free GIF maker apps for iPhone and Android, or take a look at these free online GIF maker tools.


 










Share on Facebook













 










Pin to Pinterest













 




Related Articles

Where to Find Reaction GIFs
10 Popular Ways to Share GIFs
All About Animated GIF-sharing
5 Tools to Create Free Animated GIFS
5 Free Web Tools You Can Use to Create GIFs
How to Pronounce 'GIF'





Our Expert Recommends


 Where to Find Reaction GIFs
 

 Where to Find Funny GIFs Online
 

 Free GIF Maker Apps for iPhone and Android
 



 How to Pronounce 'GIF'
 

 How the Animated GIF Came to Be
 

 Free Online GIF Maker Tools for Video
 







More from the Web

Powered By ZergNet





 

Trends Essentials






 


5 New Techniques to Try on Instagram

 Instagram






 


5 Free Web Tools You Can Use to Create GIFs

 GIFs






 


10 of the Hottest Trends on the Web Right Now

 Changing Trends in Social Media






 


Top 10 Apps for Taking Your To-do Lists to the Cloud

 Mobile Web Apps






 


What Happens to Your Online Accounts When You Die?

 Trends in Social Media







 

Tech Slideshows






 


How To Install Fedora Linux

 Linux






 


Learn Proper Kerning in InDesign

 Graphics Software






 


Tools to Find a Mobile Phone's Location

 Web Search






 


This App'll Really Help You Wipe a Hard Drive

 PC Support










Readers Recommend

Watch Your Favorite TV Shows Online for Free with These 10 Sites
Is There Really an Ideal Time of the Day to Post on Instagram?
15 Social Networking Sites the Web Is Obsessed with Right Now
20 Really Cool Websites to Help Cure Boredom
Need a Texting Alternative? Try the Kik App










 
























 

 





 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 





 







About TechFollow us:
 
 
 
 


We deliver. Get the best ofAbout Tech in your inbox.



Sign up


Thanks for signing up!
There was an error. Please try again.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?

            You can opt-out at any time.. See our privacy policy.
        

 






Our Story
Advertise With Us
Site Map
Help




Write for About
Careers at About
Terms of Use & Policies


 





 


 





 

 


