








Mg II core-to-wing solar index from high resolution GOME data








ESA
Earth Home
Missions
Data Products
Resources
Applications





  
 
22-Jul-2014








EO Data Access 
 



 
How to Apply











 
How to Access








Mg II core-to-wing solar index from high resolution GOME data (Peeters et al.)


MgII solar index from high resolution GOME data




Services 
Site Map

Frequently asked questions

Glossary

Credits

Terms of use

Contact us





Search 










Advanced Search




 
 
 




Mg II core-to-wing solar index from high
resolution GOME data


Philippe Peeters and Paul C.
        Simon
Belgian Institute for Space Aeronomy, Av.
        Circulaire 3, B-1180 Brussels, Belgium
        Tel: +32-2-373 03 81, Fax: +32-2-374 84 23
        email:  philp bira-iasb.oma.be ,  pauls bira-iasb.oma.be 



Oran R. White and Guiliana
        de Toma
High Altitude Observatory, National
        Center for Atmospheric Research, Boulder, CO 80307-3000,
        U.S.A.
        email:  orw hao.ucar.edu ,
         detoma hao.ucar.edu 


Gary J. Rottman, Thomas N.
        Woods and Barry G. Knapp
Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space
        Physics, University of Colorado, 1234 Innovation Drive,
        Boulder, Colorado, USA
        email:  rottman lasp.colorado.edu ,
         woods lasp.colorado.edu ,
         knapp lasp.colorado.edu 


Abstract

The Mg II core-to-wing index was first developed
    for the Nimbus 7 solar backscatter ultraviolet spectrometer
    as an indicator of solar UV flux temporal variation. It is
    particularly important because of its long-term precision and
    insensitivity to instrument artifacts. For almost twenty
    years, solar activity monitoring from space has provided
    valuable data from which the Mg II index can be derived. The
    quality of each Mg II index is related to the calibration of
    the instrument as well as its spectral resolution. A
    reasonably good record can be obtained from the unresolved Mg
    II doublet at 280 nm. However, a higher spectral resolution
    of an instrument increases sensitivity to both the 27 days
    rotational modulation and the long term solar cycle
    variation. The new GOME instrument on board the ERS-2
    satellite provides daily solar spectrum observations. Thanks
    to its high spectral resolution of 0.2 nm at 280 nm we can
    expect a very good Mg II index product from this instrument.
    In this paper, we show some preliminary results of GOME
    derived Mg II index using an algorithm taking into account
    its high spectral resolution. This algorithm is derived
    directly from UARS/SOLSTICE Mg II index algorithm at HAO and
    LASP. A direct comparison with the SOLSTICE index is also
    presented for a time period of half a year. 

Introduction
The Solar chromospheric activity in the ultraviolet region is
of great importance to our understanding of both the physical
properties of the Sun as a star, and of the Solar influence on
the Earth's stratospheric chemistry. In the UV region, the Mg II
core-to-wing ratio introduced by Heath et al. [5] is one of the most widely used
indices of solar activity. 
The Mg II doublet near 280 nm is a broad absorption feature
with narrow emission peaks in the core. The h and k emission
doublet originates in the Sun's chromosphere overlying the denser
photosphere. The full disk Mg II index derived from the line core
show's the 27-day rotational modulation as well as the long term
11-year activity cycle. Radiation in the line wings originates in
the photosphere and shows much less variability. Therefore, the
ratio of line core intensity to wing intensity provides a good
estimate of solar variability because the use of intensity ratio
cancels degradation effects. 
The Mg II core-to-wing ratio has become one of the most
valuable qualitative indices of solar activity used by both
astrophysicists and geophysicists. Solar irradiance has been
measured by different space experiments since 1978, and
variability over the 11-year solar cycle has been recorded.
Instruments which have contributed to solar studies include the
Solar Backscatter UltraViolet (SBUV) experiments on board of
Nimbus 7 and NOAA satellites and two instruments from the Upper
Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS), the SUSIM and SOLSTICE
instruments, both specifically designed for solar observations. 
Both UARS instruments, SOLSTICE and SUSIM, have sufficient
instrumental resolution to resolve the Mg II doublet. The
SOLSTICE F channel has a resolution of 0.24 nm with a wavelength
spacing of 0.068 nm at 280 nm. A detailed description of the
SOLSTICE instrument can be found in Rottman et al. and in
Woods et al. [6, ], and
a recent evaluation of its performance with respect to other
spaceborne solar observation instruments has been made in Woods et
al. [9]. 
Although not fully resolved, the h and k emission lines can be
clearly identified at this resolution. To take advantage of the
more accurate profiles, a new SOLSTICE Mg II index has been
defined. An extensive comparison work of the different Mg II
indices has been done by de Toma et al. [1]. In order to combine the
measurements of the Mg II index from different experiments, it is
necessary to determine the effect of their differing spectral
resolutions on both short term (days) and long term (years)
variability in the Mg II index time series. White et al. [7] analyzed the properties of Mg II
index series computed at 0.25 nm and 1.15 nm resolution. They
conclude that the current measurements describe slow solar
variation from 1992 to 1996 and the shorter term variations at
periods of 27 and 13.5 days equally well, except during solar
minimum when the solar fluctuations are small. The higher
resolution measurements at 0.2 nm resolution and a high
day-to-day precision are required for accurate measurements of
variability at solar minimum. 
Since mid 1995, a new European instrument, the Global Ozone
Monitoring Experiment (GOME), on board the ERS-2 satellite makes
daily solar irradiance measurements for calibration purpose. Its
high spectral resolution puts it in the same class as SOLSTICE
observations. In this paper, we present a Mg II core-to-wing
index derived from GOME solar observations using the SOLSTICE
index approach. Although a limited amount of GOME data are
available, we show a comparison with the SOLSTICE Mg II index. 
The GOME instrument
The Global Ozone Monitoring Experiment (GOME) was launched
on-board the ERS-2 spacecraft in April 1995. This instrument is a
nadir-viewing spectrometer that observes solar radiation
backscattered by the Earth's atmosphere and scattered from its
surface. The primary objectives of this instrument are to measure
the atmosphere's content of ozone, nitrogen dioxide, as well as
other trace gases using a technique known as Differential Optical
Absorption Spectroscopy (DOAS). Knowledge of the solar incident
radiation is also required to establish the amount of absorption.
The GOME instrument can directly measure the Earth's radiance
scattered into its spectrometer, or, in an alternate mode using a
slightly different optical path, it can measure the solar
irradiance directly. The optics of the spectrometer are the same
in both configurations, except for a scanning mirror and a
diffuser inserted in the optical path for direct solar
measurements. Input solar radiation is needed for trace gase
measurements but also for calibration of the instrument. The
reader is referred to reports from ESA [2] and [3]
for details about the GOME instrument. To summarize, the GOME
instrument is a 4-channel diode array spectrometer. Each channel
detector is a 1024 pixels diode array, and the full wavelength
range spans 240 nm to 790 nm. The instrument resolution varies
from 0.15 nm to 0.3 nm depending on the channel. 
An extensive validation program was conducted during the first
six months of the instrument's operation. The goal of this
program was to assess the performance of both the instrument and
data processing with respect to well known references. This
validation program included both the level 1 data (solar
irradiance and Earth's radiance) and level 2 data (ozone and
nitrogen dioxide total column). Reports on the validation
campaign can be found in ESA reports [4].
The solar irradiance measurements from GOME have been compared
with SOLSTICE measurements for a limited time period. Although
displaying some instrumental artifacts and absolute calibration
discrepancies, the solar spectra measurements from GOME show a
very good day-to-day accuracy and a very low noise. These
characteristics make it an excellent source for solar UV data,
and a Mg II index in particular. A more extensive GOME/SOLSTICE
irradiance comparison can be found in this proceedings. 
Data sets and
computation of the Mg II index
The GOME instrument makes daily observation of the solar
irradiance during its Sun Observation Timeline (SOT), a 42-second
timeline inserted into its normal observation sequence when the
satellite is close to the Earth's north pole. 
For Mg II index computation, only channel 1 data from the GOME
instrument is needed. Figure 1
displays both GOME and SOLSTICE solar measurements around 280 nm.

  
Figure 1: GOME (solid line) and SOLSTICE
(dotted line) solar flux measured on June 28, 1996. Both
irradiance are normalized to 1 astronomical unit.
Both spectra were recorded on June 28, 1996 and are
representative of the solar minimum between solar cycle 22 and
23. Despite the small intensities of h and k lines, the emission
doublet shows quite clearly on GOME high resolution spectrum
while it is less resolved in SOLSTICE spectrum. This simple
comparison already shows the potential high quality of the GOME
solar measurements for Mg II index computation. The day-to-day
precision of GOME solar measurement is very good (). It is quite clear to us that a version
of the SOLSTICE algorithm modified for the higher GOME resolution
is the best approach for computation of the GOME Mg II index. 
The raw data (level 0) are processed at the German ground data
processing facility (DLR) to produce the level 1 data, i.e.
calibrated data both for solar irradiance and Earth's radiance.
The data used in this analysis include only data processed using
the current operational V1.0 Gome Data Processor (GDP). The GOME
data used in this study include the V1.0 level 1 data received
from DLR from June 1996 to December 1996. The SOLSTICE Mg II
index are provided by LASP from their research database. They are
a later version than is presently available in the SOLSTICE
database at the GSFC DAAC (http://daac.gsfc.nasa.gov). 
The SOLSTICE approach for index computation has been described
in de Toma et al. [1]
and compared to other available Mg II indices. Since the
chromospheric emissions is resolved, integration of the peaks
measures the chromospheric radiations alone. The Mg II index is
defined as the integral of the area beneath the h and k peaks
divided by a reference intensity from the wings nearby the broad
Mg II absorption band. Figure 2 shows the corresponding areas
and reference intensity for a typical GOME spectrum. 
  
Figure 2: GOME solar spectrum acquired on
June 28, 1996. The black area beneath each k and l peaks and the
average reference intensity used for Mg II index computation are
represented.
The k line position is first identified from the spectrum and
the weaker h line center is determined at a fixed offset of
0.7175 nm. The integration is performed over a 0.268 nm band
around the line centers. The reference intensities are the maxima
of parabola fitted to the four peaks in the far wings of the Mg
II absorption feature. The final reference intensity is the
average of the four maxima. 
GOME Mg II index
Each daily GOME solar spectrum is an average of around 150
individual measurements when the Sun is in the line of sight of
the satellite close to the North pole. The corresponding Mg II
value is computed from the average spectrum. On the other hand,
daily SOLSTICE Mg II index is an average of Mg II indices
computed on the 16 individual daily solar measurements. The
current Mg II index time series from GOME is plotted in
figure 3 from 28 June
1996 to 5 December 1996 and contains 138 individual measurements.

  
Figure 3: Mg II index computed from GOME V1.0
solar measurements using high resolution approach (triangles) an
corresponding SOLSTICE Mg II index (diamonds).
The 27-day rotational modulation shows up clearly on this
short time series of 6 months duration. The very low noise of the
GOME Mg II data is one of the most striking features of this
plot. This is a consequence of the high day-to-day precision of
the GOME instrument. Additional work is in progress to quantify
more thoroughly GOME's accuracy. The correlation with the
SOLSTICE index is good (r=0.81) considering the small
amount of data values. The linear fit is showed in figure 4. The sensitivity to solar
variability is good but can probably be improved. We note that
this short time series shows solar variability during the period
of minimum activity between solar cycles 22 and 23. Furthemore,
the SOLSTICE Mg II index time series appear noisy. This problem
is known and originates in wavelength shift for some days in this
6 months period especially in summer. This may give a misleading
view of SOLSTICE Mg II index quality. A better filtering of the
SOLSTICE data will significantly improve the correlation. 
  
Figure 4: Linear regression of the GOME Mg II
index with the corresponding SOLSTICE Mg II index. The solid line
corresponds to the least square linear regression.
Conclusion
We find that a high resolution algorithm for Mg II solar index
applied to GOME daily solar measurements provides high quality
data. Altough the time series considered in this work is quite
short, the day-to-day precision is very good and the signal to
noise ratio is high. 
These characteristics allow us to be reasonably confident that
the GOME Mg II time series could reliably be combined with
existing longer Mg II records obtained with either the UARS or
SBUV2 instruments. 
While not designed specificaly for solar observations, we find
that the GOME instrument on board the European ERS-2 satellite to
be a good source of high quality solar measurements that
complement the current operational solar experiments. 
Aknowledgments
The SOLSTICE Mg II index used in this work is a research
product, which will be made publicly available as part of the
SOLSTICE database at the GSFC-DAAC http://daac.gsfc.nasa.gov.
This work has been support by PRODEX-UV A.O. ERS2-Project 2
(151903). 

References

1
de Toma, Guiliana, O.R. White, B.G. Knapp, G.J Rottman
        and T.N. Woods, Mg II core-to-wing index : Comparison of
        SBUV2 and SOLSTICE time series, J. Geophys. Res. 102,
        A2, 2597-2610, 1997 
2
ESA, GOME Interim Science Report, ESA SP-1151, ESA/ESTEC
        Noordwijk, 1993 
3
ESA, GOME Users Manual, ESA SP-1182, ESA/ESTEC,
        Noordwijk, 1995 
4
ESA, GOME Geophysical Validation Campaign, Final Results
        Workshop Proceedings, ESA-ESRIN Frascati 24-26 January
        1996, ESA WPP-108, 1996 
5
Heath, D.F., and B.M. Schlesinger, The 280 nm doublet as
        a monitor of changes in solar ultraviolet irradiance, J.
        Geophys. Res. 91, 8672-8682, 1986 
6
Rottman, G.J., Thomas N. Woods, and T.P. Sparn, Solar
        Stellar Irradiance Comparison Experiment 1. instrument
        design and operation, J. Geophys. Res. 98,
        10667-10678, 1993 
7
White, Oran R., G. de Toma, G.J. Rottman, T.N. Woods and
        B.G. Knapp, Effect of Spectral Resolution on the Mg II
        core-to-wing index, to appear in Solar Physics ,
        SOLERS 22 issue, 1997. 
8
Woods, Thomas N., Gary J. Rottman and G.J. Ucker, Solar
        Stellar Irradiance Comparison Experiment 2. instrument
        calibration, J. Geophys. Res. 98, 10679-10694,
        1993 
9
Woods, Thomas N., D.K. Prinz, J. London, G.J. Rottman,
        P.C. Crane, R.P. Cebula, E. Hilsenrath, G.E. Brueckner,
        M.D. Andrews, O.R. White, M.E. VanHoosier, L.E. Floyd,
        L.C. Herring, B.G. Knapp, C.K. Pankratz, and P.A. Reiser,
        Validation of the UARS Solar Ultraviolet Irradiances:
        comparison with the ATLAS-1,-2 Measurements, J.
        Geophys. Res. 101, 9541-9569, 1996 


 
* Recently moved from the National
        Center for Atmospheric Research 



Philippe Peeters 
    Fri Mar 14 09:02:46 MET 1997

Keywords: ESA European 
Space Agency - Agence spatiale europeenne, 
observation de la terre, earth observation, 
satellite remote sensing, 
teledetection, geophysique, altimetrie, radar, 
chimique atmospherique, geophysics, altimetry, radar, 
atmospheric chemistry 




   Copyright 2000 -  European Space Agency. All rights reserved.











