


Grantland Oscar Preview Includes TV Special on ESPN, ABC (Exclusive) - The Hollywood Reporter











































































































 

    Live Feed





        Subscribe
    



























    Premieres



    Pilots



    GOT



    Better Call Saul



    Empire



    Walking Dead



    OUAT



    Arrow 



    TVD



    Flash



    Grey's









    Movies



    TV



    Music



    Tech



    The Business



    Style



    Culture



    Awards



    Video



Subscribe



Blogs


    Heat Vision



    Bastard Machine



    Live Feed



    Behind the Screen



    ESQ



    Earshot



    The Race



Newsletter



THR Social: 















Marvel's Little Big Man
THR joins a conversation between Paul Rudd, the studio's pint-sized superhero Ant-Man, and Marvel chief Kevin Feige about the 10-year fight to make the film
Subscribe Now


Never Miss A Story.
Sign up for our Newsletters.


Daily PDF
Login to download































February 11, 2015


Grantland Oscar Preview Includes TV Special on ESPN, ABC (Exclusive)






















            Bill Simmons, Chris Connelly and Wesley Morris will cover Oscar topics including predictions, favorite performances not nominated and the nominees that have the most at stake career-wise.
        




Grantland is diving into the Oscar pool.
Beginning Wednesday, The Grantland Oscar Preview, hosted by Bill Simmons, Chris Connelly and Wesley Morris, will launch its coverage of the 2015 Oscars here, with expanded content expected to air across ESPN telecasts and digital platforms as well as on the Academy Awards' host network ABC. There will be nine video segments, too, which will be rolled out each day through Feb. 20.
As part of the beefed-up awards season plan, Grantland’s Oscars preview coverage will also be showcased in an hourlong TV special for the first time. The latter is set to premiere Sunday, Feb. 15, at 9 p.m. on ESPN, with plans to re-air on corporate cousin ABC on Feb. 21 at 1 p.m. Additionally, a video segment will air on the 6 p.m. edition of SportsCenter on Feb. 20, two days before the Academy Awards ceremony, and audio will be released on two of Simmons' B.S. Report podcasts on Feb. 13 and Feb. 20.
Read more Bill Simmons on his Mini-Empire, Why Hollywood 'Sucks'
“We approached this like a sports show — we didn’t want to just break down the major categories. That felt lazy to us. We’d much rather argue about whether Bradley Cooper has stolen Leo DiCaprio’s corner as Hollywood’s most bankable actor, or whether Boyhood is a better gimmick than an actual movie," Simmons said with his trademark snark.  
He added: "We taped the show for two and a half hours, with the intention of rolling out that content in different forms — not just the TV show, but bonus Internet clips and podcast material, too. We are steadfastly determined to make Grantland the best multimedia site on the Internet, so trotting out an Oscars special on ABC certainly helps that cause.”
In both the TV special and the collection of video segments, Simmons, Connelly and Morris intend to cover a host of relevant Oscar topics, including predictions, favorite performances not nominated and the nominees that have the most at stake career-wise. Over on Grantland, pop culture contributor Mark Harris will once again reveal his Oscar picks ahead of the ABC telecast. 



















			Lacey Rose
THRnews@thr.com
LaceyVRose




Comments




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by 









TV Scorecards





TV Premiere Dates 2015: The Complete Guide





Comic-Con 2015: The Complete TV Lineup





TV Shows That Failed to Survive the 2014-15 Season






















The Hollywood Reporter


                ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter.All rights reserved.
            

Terms of Use   |
                  Privacy Policy





About Us


Login


Daily PDF


Subscribe


Subscriber Services


Back Issues


FAQs


Advertising


Contact Us


Entertainment News RSS






                    Follow Us On
                    Twitter


                    Find Us On
                    Facebook


                    Watch Us On
                    Youtube





Our affiliate publications


Billboard


Ad Week


Backstage Casting





























