

IndieGoGo Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek






























































  Bloomberg the Company & Products Bloomberg Anywhere Login      Bloomberg   Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.     Company  Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology History & Facts    Financial Products  Bloomberg Professional Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indexes Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Service Center Downloads    Enterprise Products  Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault    Media  Bloomberg Business Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus    Customer Support   Americas +1 212 318 2000   Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500   Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000     Communications  Press Announcements Press Contacts    Industry Products  Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance    Media Services  Advertising Bloomberg Content Service Bloomberg Live Conferences    Follow Us   Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram                             News     Markets     Insights     Video                       Global   Europe             Latest     World     Industries     Science+Energy     Technology     Design     Culture     Graphics     Pursuits     View     U.S. Politics     Businessweek         Stocks     Currencies     Commodities     Rates+Bonds     Magazine     Benchmark     Watchlist     Economic Calendar         Latest     Game Plan     Business Schools     Small Business     Personal Finance     Profiles         Watch Now     Video     Schedule + Shows     Radio     Events           



































































































June 27, 2015 3:09 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of 



Snapshot People




Company Overview
IndieGoGo Inc. operates as an online social marketplace for connecting filmmakers and fans to make independent films in the United States and internationally. Its platform provides filmmakers the tools to build and engage a loyal fan base to assist in making their projects happen, raise money and awareness, find cast and crew, and gain credibility through fans; and enables the audience to discover and connect with filmmakers and the causes they support. The company’s platform also allows project owners to involve their fans in funding and creative efforts. In addition, its platform is used to fund various other projects, such as writing, music, social cause, technology, events, venture, and ...
IndieGoGo Inc. operates as an online social marketplace for connecting filmmakers and fans to make independent films in the United States and internationally. Its platform provides filmmakers the tools to build and engage a loyal fan base to assist in making their projects happen, raise money and awareness, find cast and crew, and gain credibility through fans; and enables the audience to discover and connect with filmmakers and the causes they support. The company’s platform also allows project owners to involve their fans in funding and creative efforts. In addition, its platform is used to fund various other projects, such as writing, music, social cause, technology, events, venture, and political ideas. The company also allows users to access its online social marketplace platform through a mobile application in Canada, which is available on Apple's App Store. IndieGoGo was incorporated in 2007 and is based in San Francisco, California with an additional location in New York, New York.
Detailed Description


301 8th StreetSuite 225San Francisco, CA 94103United StatesFounded in 



Phone: 866-641-4646

Fax: 866-641-4646

www.indiegogo.com







Key Executives for IndieGoGo Inc.




Mr. Slava Rubin


      	Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Eric Schell


      	Co-founder
      








Ms. Danae Ringelmann


      	Co-founder
      








Mr. Sinohe Terrero


      	Vice President of Finance & Accounting
      








Mr. David Mandelbrot


      	Senior Vice President of Operations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2014. 

IndieGoGo Inc. Key Developments

Indiegogo and Vimeo Announces Partnership Designating Vimeo as Preferred Distribution Platform for Films Funded on Indiegogo
Jan 26 15
Indiegogo and Vimeo announced that from the Sundance Film Festival, a partnership designating Vimeo as a preferred distribution platform for films funded on Indiegogo. Vimeo has also committed to an ongoing creator fund for select Indiegogo funded film campaigns in exchange for exclusive distribution on Vimeo On Demand. Additionally, Indiegogo will be joining Vimeo’s newly formed Vimeo On Demand Publisher Network, with a dedicated VOD storefront on Indiegogo’s site featuring titles funded by Indiegogo campaigns available for purchase. Vimeo will also create a dedicated Indiegogo VOD home on Vimeo featuring a rotating selection of Indiegogo campaign funded films curated by Vimeo.


Indiegogo Chooses Canada to Launch First App
Jul 3 14
Indiegogo is looking to grow with a move into mobile apps, starting in Canada. The company announced that Canadians are getting early access to its first mobile app, which is now available on Apple's App Store. The app will be rolling out to other countries in a couple of months.


Indiegogo Appoints Victor Kovalev as Vice President of Engineering
Jun 16 14
Indiegogo announced the appointment of Victor Kovalev, former Director of Engineering at Yelp, as Vice President of Engineering to lead the company's web and mobile advancements. The addition of Kovalev rounds out a talented leadership team that will oversee Indiegogo's global growth as the world's funding engine. The team has been created with a focus on attracting the most talented group of executives in business and technology. In addition to Kovalev and co-founders Slava Rubin, Danae Ringelmann and Eric Schell, the Indiegogo leadership team includes: David Mandelbrot: Senior Vice President, Operationsm, Jerry Needel: Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Liz Wald: Vice President, International, Shannon Swallow: Vice President, Marketing Communications, Sinohe Terrero: Vice President, Finance and Accounting and Tim French: Vice President and General Counsel.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Wazuu, Inc. United States Zalongo LLC United States Manufacturers' Inventory United States InnHanse Corp. United States NeonLabs Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 23, 2015
			    
--
























 













Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States Citizens Budget Commission United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Report Data Issue
To contact IndieGoGo Inc., please visit www.indiegogo.com.  Company data is provided by Capital IQ.  Please use this form to report any data issues.


 Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name

Your E-Mail Address

Your Phone Number

Type of Data


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close










    Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy          Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices    Website Feedback Help     



















