































What Is Instagram?



















 









About.com


Food


Health


Home


Money


Style


Tech


Travel



									More
									





Autos


Dating & Relationships


Education


Entertainment


en Español


Careers


News & Issues


Parenting


Religion & Spirituality


Sports








Videos








 


 












 





 










Share













 










Pin













 








 
 










Tweet













 










Submit













 










Stumble













 










Post













 










Share













 

 













 
 


 
 


 
 


. . .



 
 


 
 


What Is Instagram?
Here's What Instagram Is All about, and How People Are Using It










		                	Trends Expert
 







 










Share













 










Pin













 








 
 










Tweet













 










Submit













 










Stumble













 










Post













 










Share













 

 












Sign Up for our Free Newsletters
Thanks, You're in!




















You might also enjoy:














Sign up


There was an error. Please try again.
Please select a newsletter.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?


            Thank you,,for signing up!
		


 
Trends Categories



 Going Viral 
 
 Social 
 
 Mobile Web 
 
 Websites & 
 
 Location 
 
 Cloud 
 
 Internet 
 
 Internet 
 
 Image 
 
 Video 
 
 Evolution of the 
 
 Working on the 
 
 eBiz & Online 
 
 Web Safety & 
 
 Glossary / 
 
 
 
 Viral Trends: Staying On Top of Popular Trends 
 
 The Social Web: Interacting and Sharing Stuff with Others on the 
 
 The Mobile Web: Exploring the Internet on Your Mobile 
  
				Updated Articles and Resources 
 

 















What's this thing called "Instagram" that all the cool kids seem to be completely obsessed with lately? It hasn't been around for too long, so don't feel embarrassed to ask.Instagram is a social networking app made for sharing photos and videos from a smartphone. Similar to Facebook or Twitter, everyone who creates an account has a profile and a news feed.When you post a photo or video on Instagram, it will be displayed on your profile.



 Other users who follow you will see your posts in their own feed. Likewise, you'll see posts from other users who you choose to follow.Which Devices Work with Instagram?Instagram is available for free on iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices. It can also be accessed on the web from a computer, but users can only upload and share photos or videos from their devices.Creating an Account on InstagramBefore you can start using the app, Instagram will ask you to create a free account. You can sign up via your existing Facebook account or by email. All you need is a username and a password.You may be asked if you want to follow some friends who are on Instagram in your Facebook network. You can also customize your profile by adding your name, a photo, a short bio and a website.Using Instagram as a Social NetworkInstagram is all about visual sharing. Every user profile has a “Followers” and “Following” count, representing how many people they follow and how many other users are follow them.Every user profile has a button you can tap to follow them.

 If a user has their profile set to private, they will need to approve your request first.Keep in mind that when your profile is created and set to public, anyone can find and view your profile, along with all your photos and videos. Learn how to set yours to private if you only want the followers you approve to be able to see your posts.Interacting on posts is fun and easy. You can double tap any post to “like” it or add a comment at the bottom.If you want to find more friends or interesting accounts to follow, use the search tab (marked by the magnifying glass icon) to browse through tailored posts recommended to you. You can also use the search bar at the top to look for specific users or hashtags.Applying Filters and Editing Your Instagram PostsInstagram has come a long way since its early days in terms of posting options. When it first launched in 2010, users could only post photos through the app and add filters without any extra editing features.Today, you can post both through the app or upload from your device, you can post both photos and videos up to 15 seconds in length, and you have a whole bunch of extra filter options plus the ability to tweak and edit.When you tap the middle Instagram posting tab, you can select the camera or video icon to let the app know whether you want to post a photo or a video. Capture it through the app, or tap the photo/video preview box to pull up a previously captured one.Instagram has up to 24 filters you can choose to apply to photos, and 13 for videos. By using the icons just below the preview of your photo or video, you can adjust the brightness, cover frame if it’s a video and editing features.Recommended: How to use Instagram filtersIf you want to edit your photo or video within the Instagram app, simply tap the wrench icon and choose a feature from the bottom menu. You can adjust the contrast, warmth, saturation, highlights, shadows, vignette, tilt shift and sharpness.Sharing Your Instagram PostsAfter you’ve applied an optional filter and possibly made some edits, you’ll be take to a tab where you can fill out a caption, tag other users to it, tag it to your personal Instagram Photo Map and simultaneously post it to some of your other social networks.Recommended: How to tag a location to an Instagram postYou can configure your Instagram account to have photos posted on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr or Flickr. If these sharing configurations are all highlighted, as opposed to remaining gray and inactive, then all of your Instagram photos will automatically be posted to your social networks after you press “Share."Don't worry, Instagram will always take you to the social network configuration page after you snap each and every photo. If you don't want your photo shared on any particular social network, simply tap any one of them so that’s gray and set to off.Ready to Start Instagramming?I could go on and on in extreme detail about every little thing there is to do and experience on Instagram, or I could just leave it at that and let you go try Instagram for yourself. Before you do though, make sure you take a look at the following extra recommended articles to really ramp up your Instagram presence:10 tips every Instagram beginner should know10 hugely famous celebs to follow on Instagram10 Ideas for #ThrowbackThursday postsHow to use Instagram's direct messaging featureThe biggest Instagram posting trends and apps to use for them


 










Share on Facebook













 










Pin to Pinterest













 




Related Articles

Instagram iPhone Photo App
Instagram iPhone App Review
Instagram for iPhone
Is There an Option for Using Instagram on Your PC?
How to Make a Photo Collage in Instagram to Use as Your Facebook Cover Photo
Instagram Filters





Our Expert Recommends


 10 Instagram Tips for Beginners
 

 How to View Instagram on the Web Online
 

 5 Tips to Get a Shoutout on Instagram
 



 Popular Tags for Instagram
 

 How Do I Track Instagram Comments?
 

 What's the Best Time of Day to Post on Instagram?
 







More from the Web

Powered By ZergNet





 

Trends Essentials






 


5 New Techniques to Try on Instagram

 Instagram






 


5 Free Web Tools You Can Use to Create GIFs

 GIFs






 


10 of the Hottest Trends on the Web Right Now

 Changing Trends in Social Media






 


Top 10 Apps for Taking Your To-do Lists to the Cloud

 Mobile Web Apps






 


What Happens to Your Online Accounts When You Die?

 Trends in Social Media







 

Tech Slideshows






 


How To Install Fedora Linux

 Linux






 


Learn Proper Kerning in InDesign

 Graphics Software






 


Tools to Find a Mobile Phone's Location

 Web Search






 


This App'll Really Help You Wipe a Hard Drive

 PC Support










Readers Recommend

Watch Your Favorite TV Shows Online for Free with These 10 Sites
Is There Really an Ideal Time of the Day to Post on Instagram?
15 Social Networking Sites the Web Is Obsessed with Right Now
20 Really Cool Websites to Help Cure Boredom
Need a Texting Alternative? Try the Kik App










 
























 

 





 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 





 







About TechFollow us:
 
 
 
 


We deliver. Get the best ofAbout Tech in your inbox.



Sign up


Thanks for signing up!
There was an error. Please try again.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?

            You can opt-out at any time.. See our privacy policy.
        

 






Our Story
Advertise With Us
Site Map
Help




Write for About
Careers at About
Terms of Use & Policies


 





 


 





 

 


