


Intel Labs - Pushing the boundaries of possibility


































































Search















Intel Labs





                                Blogs@Intel                            

                                API Management                            

                                Asia Pacific CSR Journal                            

                                CSR@Intel                            

                                IoT@Intel                            

                                Grid Insights by Intel                            

                                Intel Health & Life Sciences Blog                            

                                Inside Scoop                            

                                Intel Developer Zone                            

                                Intel Labs                            

                                Intel vPro Expert Center Blog                            

                                Jobs@Intel                            

                                IT Peer Network blog                            

                                Policy@Intel                            

                                Technology@Intel                            

                                Technology Provider                            

                                Intel Software and Services                            

                                博客@英特尔中国                            

                                Сообщество IT-профессионалов                            

                                New Business@Intel                            



Skip to content
Recent Posts
Archives
About this Blog
Meet the Bloggers
 







 
Recent Blog Posts





Smart Rendering for Virtual Reality

    

Virtual Reality for consumers is becoming more and more common. There are now several mobile solutions that transform your smartphone into a virtual reality device, by adding a case with wide-angle lenses attached to it. Also there are dedicated devices … Read more 



																									Categories: Intel Labs






SC14: Intel Previews Differentiated Storage Services in the Enterprise Edition for Lustre* Software.

    

Michael Mesnier, our guest blogger, is a Principal Engineer in Intel Labs With the explosion of big data and cloud computing, the ability to store large amounts of data efficiently has become more important than ever.  This is especially challenging in the … Read more 



																																		Categories: Intel Labs, Uncategorized  |  Tagged as: Intel Labs, Lustre, Storage






Intel and AT&T to Drive Research to Enable Software Defined Networking

    

Software defined networking (SDN) offers a new approach to network management and programmability for the purpose of enabling more flexible network architectures and agile service deployments. SDN introduces new standards and mechanisms to manage networks and quickly introduce new functionality … Read more 



																																		Categories: Big Data, Energy Efficiency, Intel Labs, Research, Uncategorized  |  Tagged as: AT&T, Intel, Intel Labs, networking, research






Extending the trust from the device to the cloud

    

To enable radically new user experiences, Intel Labs has been exploring system security and privacy with the goal that any device that computes on Intel conducts its operations in a secure and privacy preserving manner. Last year, Intel published the … Read more 



																									Categories: Uncategorized






Going beyond location awareness to a holistic context awareness and actionable awareness

    

Modern devices often have multiple sensors such as a camera, microphone, GPS, accelerometer, and magnetometer. These built-in sensors can check our current location, remind us of appointments, and tell us how to get to the appointment. While this is useful, … Read more 



																									Categories: Uncategorized






Internet of Things Might Come to a City Near You!

    

Our experiences as we head out to have some fun or drive to work will contribute towards how we feel about the day. Running late for an appointment because of unexpectedly full parking lots, heavy or rerouted traffic, or delayed … Read more 



																									Categories: Big Data, Data Society, IoT






Shaping the future of networks from our hands to the datacenters

    

When we make a phone call a lot of things happen in the background.  Bullet proof carrier/mobile networks allow us to stay in touch with our family and friends. A lot of proprietary equipment, trained professionals and complicated software are … Read more 



																									Categories: Uncategorized






How do you package ‘must-have’ security in the Internet of Things world?

    

In recent years, most airlines began charging passengers a fee to check their luggage. To avoid these fees, passengers like me pack as much as possible into one carry-on bag. I learned first-hand this practice can have unexpected consequences. Halfway … Read more 



																									Categories: Uncategorized






So, how do you build apps for Jimmy?

    

Jimmy is a 3-D printed and open-source robot which in the Internet of Things (IoT) can be considered a Thing. Jimmy is a manifestation of what the future might look like when our lives are tightly interwoven with smart gadgets … Read more 



																																		Categories: Apps, Big Data, Data Society, Intel Labs, Robots  |  Tagged as: Apps, IDF, Intel, Intel Developer Forum, Intel Labs, Jimmy, Robot






Face Age Progression: Technology that can help bring missing children home

    

While multiple factors play in bringing missing children home the key in the search is the current photograph of the child. If the child went missing for quite some time it is possible that he/she might look different during the … Read more 



																																		Categories: Data Society, Intel Labs, Research  |  Tagged as: Face Age Progression, IDF, Intel, Intel Developer Forum, Intel Labs




« Older posts 




 

Intel Labs







 
Connect With Us 












Related Links Intel Labs

Recent Comments on Smart Rendering for Virtual Reality on Smart Rendering for Virtual Reality on How do you package ‘must-have’ security in the Internet of Things world? on Face Age Progression: Technology that can help bring missing children home on Intel Labs at Intel Developer Forum 2014Categories 
Apps

Big Data

Cloud

Connected Car

Context Aware

Data Society

Education

Energy Efficiency

Event

High Performance Computing

ICRI

Intel Labs

Intel Labs Europe

IoT

ISRA

ISTC

Mobility

Pathfinding

People & Practices Research

Photonics

Research

Research Day

Robots

Social Computing

Uncategorized

US Innovation


Tags#IntelR&Dday
@idf08
Big Data
circuits
Cloud Computing
Ct
CTO
energy efficient
Future Lab
Future Lab Radio
HPC
IDF
IDF2008
IDF 2010
Immersive Connected Experiences
innovation
Intel
Intel Labs
Intel Labs Europe
Intel Research
ISSCC
Justin Rattner
many core
microprocessor
mobility
multi-core
parallel computing
parallel programming
radio
Rattner
ray tracing
research
Research@Intel
Research At Intel Day
Robotics
security
silicon photonics
software development
Stanford
technology
terascale
virtual worlds
Wi-Fi
WiMAX
wireless
 
 
 
 





?Intel CorporationTerms of Use*TrademarksPrivacy
 





