

















La Gazzetta dello Sport | Italian journal | Britannica.com




















Help
School & Library Products

SHOP






Activate Your Free Trial!









Popular Topics
quizzes
galleries
lists
Dictionary
















Contribute your ideas for this topic




                Thank you for helping us expand this topic!
                Simply begin typing or use the editing tools above to add to this article.
                Once you are finished and click submit, your modifications will be sent to our editors for review.
            






                This topic is discussed in the following articles:
            
Italian news media...particularly vital in Italy, underlining once again the strength of regional identity in Italian culture. Among the newspapers with the largest circulation are the sports titles  and Corriere dello Sport.


































See More...



























See More...








About Us
About Our Ads
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

        ©2015 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
    


MLA style:
"La Gazzetta dello Sport". Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica Online.Encyclopædia Britannica Inc., 2015. Web. 28 Jun. 2015<>.
APA style:
La Gazzetta dello Sport. (2015). In Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved from 
Harvard style:
La Gazzetta dello Sport. 2015. Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 28 June, 2015, from 
Chicago Manual of Style:
Encyclopædia Britannica Online, s. v. "La Gazzetta dello Sport", accessed June 28, 2015, .


        While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies.
        Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions.
    




Update
Link




            Click anywhere inside the article to add text or insert superscripts, subscripts, and special characters.
            You can also highlight a section and use the tools in this bar to modify existing content:

            













            Add links to related Britannica articles!
            
                    You can double-click any word or highlight a word or phrase in the text below and then select an article from the search box.
                    Or, simply highlight a word or phrase in the article, then enter the article name or term you'd like to link to in the search box below, and select from the list of results.
                







Note: we do not allow links to external resources in editor.
                    Please click the Web sites link for this article to add citations for
                    external Web sites.
                




Editing Tools:

Tips for Editing






Leave Edit Mode
Submit




    We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles.
    You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind:

Encyclopaedia Britannica articles are written in a neutral, objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are best.)

    Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.








MEDIA FOR:
La Gazzetta dello Sport

























Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email




To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.








To
From
Subject
Comments
(Please limit to 900 characters)


Cancel



Or click Continue to submit anonymously:
Continue























