






Pantheon vs Parthenon - Difference and Comparison | Diffen





















Health
Science
Tech
Home
Food
Business

 








 

Pantheon vs. Parthenon








Diffen ›                        ›                       
The Pantheon and the Parthenon are both ancient temples. While the Pantheon was built in Rome to celebrate all the Roman gods, the Parthenon was built in Ancient Greece for the goddess Athena. The Parthenon pre-dates the Pantheon by about six centuries; it was built around 447-438 BCE, while the Pantheon was built in 126 CE.


Comparison chart
 

   Pantheon
Parthenon


Location Rome, Italy
Athenian Acropolis, Greece
Built in 126 AD
447-438 BC
Original purpose Temple to all the gods of Ancient Rome
Temple to goddess Athena
Built by Publius Aelius Hadrianus
Iktinos, Kalikrates
Current use Roman Catholic church
Museum
Architectural system Arch Technology
Post and Lintel System


Contents: Pantheon vs Parthenon

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Inside of the Pantheon dome in Rome
 
The Pantheon is a circular building with a portico supported granite Corinthian columns. Its Roman concrete dome is 4535 metric tons. It is made from several materials, including marble, granite, concrete and brick.
The Parthenon is a Doric temple supported by ionic columns. It has a rectangular floor and is made entirely from marble, with a limestone base. An ionic frieze runs around its exterior walls. The east pediment narrates the birth of Athena, while the west pediment shows the contest between Athena and Poseidon to become the city’s patron god. 

 A view of Pantheon, an ancient temple of Rome, located near piazza Navona
 Parthenon, Greece

 
The Pantheon was originally built by Marcus Agrippa in 27 BC, and the inscription on the front reads “M Agrippa L F Cos Terium Fecit,” or “Marcus Agrippa built this when he was consul for the third time.” However, the entire Pantheon was destroyed except for this façade, and the Emperor Hadrian rebuilt it on the same site in 126 AD. The building was given to Pope Poniface IV in 609 AD and was converted to a Christian church, saving it from destruction or looting. It was used as a tomb in the Renaissance and is the location of some royal tombs. 

The Parthenon was built between 447 and 438 BC by Iktinos and Kallikrates as a temple to Athens’ patron goddess, Athena. A fire in the middle of the 3rd century AD destroyed its roof, but it remained a temple to Athena until Theodosius II decreed that all pagan temples should be closed in 435 AD. Athena’s image was looted from the temple in the 5th century AD and taken to Constantinople. The Parthenon was converted into a Christian church in the 590s, and in 1687, the building was partially destroyed in a battle between the Turks and the Venetians when it was used to store gunpowder and shelter civilians. Sculptures were then stolen from the Parthenon and rubble was looted for building material for the next 150 years. In 1842, when Greece became independent, the area became a historical precinct controlled by the Greek government. Efforts at restoration began in 1975.


 
The Pantheon was originally built as a temple to all the Roman gods. It is currently a Roman Catholic church and a popular tourist attraction. 
The Parthenon was originally built as a temple to the Greek Goddess Athena. It is now a museum.

 
Both the Pantheon and the Parthenon were originally designed as temples, and the Pantheon borrows much of its exterior design from traditional Greek temples such as the Parthenon. Both use 8 columns to support a pediment. Both have faced some destruction and rebuilding, and both were used as churches during the Middle Ages. However, while the religious connection saved the Pantheon from looting, many parts of the Parthenon were stolen in the 1700s.
 
 wikipedia:Pantheon, Rome
 wikipedia:Parthenon


Related Comparisons
Greek Gods  Roman Gods

Poseidon  Zeus

Athens  Sparta

Neolithic  Paleolithic

Alexander the Great  Napolean

Catholic  Protestant


Follow
Share
Cite
Authors



Share this comparison: 




If you read this far, you should follow us:




 "Pantheon vs Parthenon." Diffen.com. Diffen LLC, n.d. Web. 26 Jun 2015.  



 Related Comparisons

Greek Gods  Roman GodsPoseidon  ZeusAthens  SpartaNeolithic  PaleolithicAlexander the Great  NapoleanCatholic  ProtestantCzech  Slovak 
 Follow Diffen








Top 5 Comparisons


1. DemocratRepublican2. Animal CellPlant Cell3. MeiosisMitosis4. AffectedEffected5. EmpathySympathy 



Log in to edit comparisons or create new comparisons in your area of expertise!
Sign up »


Greek Gods  Roman Gods

Poseidon  Zeus

Athens  Sparta

Neolithic  Paleolithic

Alexander the Great  Napolean

Catholic  Protestant




Comments: Pantheon vs Parthenon
Anonymous comments (2)

December 8, 2012, 10:25pm
Thank you for this well written article. Now I know the difference!
— 70.✗.✗.41



July 24, 2013, 3:49am
Thank you I am also enlightened
— 24.✗.✗.249



 




About Diffen
Log in / Register
Request a Comparison
Submit Feedback
Stay connected







© All rights reserved.
Terms of use | Privacy policy




share




 

x
Up next
Greek Gods  Roman Gods
 
 


