



Phones news, reviews, photos and video - Pocket-lint






















 


Must Read: Inside Vertu: Welcome to the world of luxury smartphones
Sign up to the Newsletter


Pocket-lint
RSS feed


Hubs

Apps
Audio
Cameras
Cars
Gadgets
Gaming
Smarthome
Home Cinema
Laptops
Online
Phones
Sports Fitness
Tablets
Televisions


News
Reviews
Features
Comps
Deals

Search


Twitter

Follow @Pocketlint



Facebook





Google+





YouTube







Hot Topics:

Phones
Smarthome
Cameras
Wearables
E3 2015
Parent hub


About us
Contact / Tip








Phones




Best smartphones 2015: The best phones available to buy today





Best smartphones to look forward to in 2015





CES 2015: The best TVs, tablets, smartphones and tech to expect at the world’s largest trade show





Reviews
News

Latest




8 Android smartphones that can handle the beach this summer


When you imagine the beach, you probably think of these three things: sun, water, and sand. While those elements are nothing but fun for both our bodies and minds in moderation, they're havoc for our mobile devices. So, if you're an avid beach goer or... >>





Pick up a Samsung Galaxy S4 mini for £100 this weekend only


The price of powerful smartphones is dropping more and more dramatically, but this latest deal is just silly. For this weekend you'll be able to snap up a Samsung Galaxy S4 mini for just £100. That's on Pay As You Go meaning there are no other commitments.... >>





OnePlus 2: What's the story so far?


OnePlus has had something of a hit on its hands with the OnePlus One, especially among smartphone fans. Limited availability added an air of exclusivity to device that offered great value for money. The OnePlus One is now available to buy without an invite,... >>






OnePlus 2 will unveil in July, tune in with the OnePlus Cardboard VR headset


Everyone wants to know when OnePlus plans to unveil its next flagship phone, the successor to the $299 OnePlus One. Well, it has finally confirmed a date. OnePlus will officially debut the OnePlus 2 on 27 July at 7PM PST. OnePlus already revealed the... >>





Next Nexus: What's the story so far?


There are only a couple of major smartphones left to be announced in 2015, as most of the big manufacturers have come to market with their flagship. Among the most anticipated is the next Nexus, the next iteration of Google's purebred Android flagship.... >>





Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone 5C, iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus?


There is plenty of choice when it comes to smartphones, almost too much in fact. Chances are if you are reading this feature however, you have at least narrowed your options down to the iPhone. So as you have discarded Android, Windows Phone and BlackBerry,... >>








Consoles beware: Flitchio Android gaming controller case has you in its sights (hands-on)


The hype around mobile gaming taking on consoles has been reaching deafening heights. But who really prefers smartphone gaming over consoles? Flitchio is a smartphone case-cum-controller that wants to make gaming on the go as fun as at home. Until now... >>





Best smartphones to look forward to in 2015


With the pace of smartphone evolution moving so fast, there's always something waiting in the wings. No sooner have you spied the latest handset, then there's anticipation of something else, the next big thing to envy. We've rounded up the best smartphones... >>





Qi wireless charging is about to get much faster


Wireless charging is wonderfully convenient, doing away with the need to fiddle with cables and plug your device in. But it's slow, and with modern phones offering fast charging, wireless power is the weak alternative. However, the Wireless Power Consortium... >>





Vertu Signature for Bentley: The £14,500 phone for your £252,000 car


Vertu has announced the second exclusive model to be spawned from its partnership with Bentley and it's a custom Signature handset.  The Vertu Signature for Bentley is inspired by the Bentley Mulsanne Speed. There's a carbonfibre pillow sharing the same... >>




<< Previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
Next >>




Things you might also like


Hot



FIFA 16 preview: Refinement not reinvention



Want to celebrate pride with the US? Facebook launches rainbow photo filter



OnePlus 2: What's the story so far?








News Archive
Features Archive
Reviews
Comps
Sitemap
Site Policy

Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2015



 

