 



Air India Express Bookings | Air India Express | Air India Express  Tickets & Flight Schedules
















Get the Cleartrip App now










































Air India Express Airlines




  Overview
  

Air India Express Flight & PNR Status 


Air India Express Web Check-In







Air lndia Express is India’s first international airline that provides connectivity in the short-range routes at very affordable prices to passengers.


On-Board Air India ExpressIt began operations on April 29, 2005 with the first flight from Thiruvananthapuram to Abu Dhabi. It is headquartered in Kochi and predominantly caters to the Middle East and Southeast Asia.It is one of the premier low-cost airlines in India and is a subsidiary of Air India, one of the major airlines of the country.Connectivity and Fleet InformationThe Air India Express fleet consists of 21 B737-800 aircraft. The aircraft are single-class economy and have a passenger carrying capacity of around 180 seats.Services and Baggage AllowanceAir India Express flights provide complimentary refreshments and mineral water to all their passengers. Snacks, reading material and other entertainment options may be purchased on-board. The courteous staff is ever willing to help out passengers and ensure that they have a pleasant time. The warm hospitality of the flight attendants and the pleasant ambience will enhance your flying experience.Based on the destination, the Air India Express baggage allowance policy permits a specific amount of baggage free of charge.Infants are entitled to carry free baggage weighing up to 10 kgs. Each passenger is allowed to carry one small piece of hand luggage, not exceeding 7 kgs. In case, it exceeds the limit, it will have to be checked in.If the total checked-in baggage exceeds the free allowance, an excess charge would have to be paid.Cleartrip: Runway for Booking Air India Express FlightsCleartrip can help you track your Air India Express flight status very easily. All that you need to enter is the city of origin, city of destination, flight ID and travel dates on flight status page.Once you input these details, you may find out the scheduled, estimated and actual date and time along with the status of the flight.Need to view the complete Air India Express flight schedule? Worry not;Cleartrip to the rescue! Simply enter your preferred airline, date and destination on our flight schedule page and view a comprehensive list of flights will show up on your screen, giving you all the relevant flight details. These details will help you plan your travel well.Our Air India Express online booking is an excellent feature to help you select the seat of your choice. Cleartrip issues an e-ticket, through which you may get your boarding pass at the airline counter in the airport.The Air India Express Web check-in feature helps you to check in, select your preferred seat and print your boarding pass, too. To avail of this facility, you will need the PNR number of your e- ticket. You may check your Air India Express PNR status to ascertain whether your ticket is confirmed or waitlisted. So, book your ticket with Cleartrip today and experience happy journeys!
Air India Express top sectorsThere are no top sectors present for Air India Express.
  
  Top Air India Express Routes

No Routes found. Please try again.




 

 
Why book with us?
Fabulous Offers
Expressway
Online Amendments
Fare Alerts
Go Mobile
Quickeys




Book over the phone: 






  About Us  FAQs  Support  Blog  Cleartrip for Business  Mobile  Domestic Airlines : Air India Airlines  Air India Express  Go Air  Indigo  Jet Airways  Jet Konnect  JetLite  Kingfisher  Kingfisher Red  SpiceJet  Vistara Airlines  Air Costa  Domestic Flights : Mumbai Delhi flights  Pune Delhi flights  Bangalore Delhi flights  Mumbai Bangalore flights  Mumbai Chennai flights  Pune Bangalore flights  Other Tools: Cheap Air Tickets  Domestic Flight  International Flights  Flight Status  India Hotels  IRCTC Railway Reservation  Indian Railways PNR Status  Domestic Air Tickets  Domestic Flight Schedule  Domestic Airlines  Domestic Airports  International Air Tickets  International Flight Schedule  International Airlines  International Airports  Holiday Packages  Bus Bookings  Train Bookings  Train Routes  Travel Routes  © 2006-2015 Cleartrip Pvt. Ltd. Privacy  Security  Terms of Use 



 






