











Data Science Degree Online | DataScience@Berkeley






























Skip to main content








 

About

Overview
About the UC Berkeley School of Information

About Dean Saxenian


About MIDS Faculty
What is Data Science?

Which Degree Program is Right for You?


In the News
2U, Our Program Partner


Admissions

Admissions Overview
Admissions Requirements
datascience@berkeley Class Profile
Tuition and Financial Aid

Sponsorship Tips


Online Information Sessions
FAQ


Academics

Overview
Curriculum

Course Schedule


Immersion

November 2014
May 2014




Experience

Overview
Online Learning
Student Profiles
Student Support
Career Services


Blog
Apply







 





















The online Master of Information and Data Science designed for leaders in data science.  





Every organization in every industry needs professionals who can work with data.  





A learning experience that seamlessly brings UC Berkeley’s on-campus student life online.  





A dynamic curriculum that draws on insights from a variety of fields.  


Play
Pause






                                    Discover datascience@berkeley                                




                                    What is data science?                                




                                    Engage with UC Berkeley — online                                




                                    Explore our multidisciplinary curriculum                                





 A professional Master of Information and Data Science (MIDS) delivered online, datascience@berkeley features a multidisciplinary curriculum designed to prepare data science professionals to solve real-world problems using complex and unstructured data. To learn more, request information today.

 


Course Spotlight: Applied Machine Learning 
In Applied Machine Learning, you will become proficient in experimental design, machine learning algorithms, network analysis, collaborative filtering, and more. You will also use Python and Github as tools to find patterns in data. Learn more about our curriculum today.
Student Spotlight: Milad Davaloo 
Earned a BS in mechanical engineering with a focus in mechatronics from UC Berkeley
Milad holds a B.S. in mechanical engineering with a focus in mechatronics and an M.B.A. with a concentration in entrepreneurship, and he has worked with companies like Intuit, Toyota, and Microsoft. See what Milad has to say about his datascience@berkeley experience.



 

Through live online classes, dynamic coursework, dedicated student support, and an engaging on-campus immersion, UC Berkeley offers a learning experience unlike any other. 
EXPERIENCE DATASCIENCE@BERKELEY 




Discover datascience@berkeley 
View our featured video library to hear students and faculty discuss the datascience@berkeley curriculum, on-campus immersions, online learning experience, and the I School and UC Berkeley community. 
datascience@berkeley Is Mobile 
The datascience@berkeley mobile app allows you to access your coursework from your phone or tablet — even when you're offline. Learn more about our mobile features.
Upcoming Events 


		JUL
		


Information Session




		AUG
		


Investing In Your Education



View more events
Recent Posts

datascience@berkeley Inaugural Class of 2015 Graduation


Mastersindatascience.org Interviews datascience@berkeley Graduate Kelsey Clubb


UC Berkeley Master of Information and Data Science (MIDS) Graduate Spotlight: Kelsey Clubb


Read more posts


Find us online




































ABOUT
ADMISSIONS
ACADEMICS
BLOG
LEGAL
SITE MAP




 

                        University of California, Berkeley
102 South Hall #4600
Berkeley, CA 94720-4600
ischool.berkeley.edu 

                        Phone: 855-678-MIDS                            


                                    admissions@datascience.berkeley.edu                                




More About the Master of Information and Data Science 
The UC Berkeley School of Information (I School) offers the only professional Master of Information and Data Science (MIDS) delivered fully online. The program is designed for professionals who want to solve real-world problems using complex and unstructured data with an emphasis on the importance of asking meaningful research and business questions while effectively communicating findings. Delivered in a web-based learning environment, datascience@berkeley blends live, face-to-face classes with online course work. The online learning experience facilitates collaboration, meaningful discussion and lifelong connections with faculty and peers. datascience@berkeley provides an opportunity to earn a Master's in Data Science from wherever you are in the world, bringing UC Berkeley and the San Francisco Bay area to you. datascience@berkeley is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools & Colleges (WASC).

Credits 





























